Week 1 Introduction meeting

Impromptu Zoom Meeting - March 16
VIEW RECORDING - 72 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:10 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Can you guys hear me okay? Am I coming across well?

0:13 - ashlynanderson
  Yep.

0:14 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Okay. I have an air purifier next to me because it's kind of buzzing because we're having some bad pollution days in Mexico City right now, so it happens.  The problem of having 22 million of your closest friends nearby. Okay. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . If joining from your firm that you work with, that would be interesting for other people to know, that would be fantastic.  Get to start the networking early. And if you want, also pop in your LinkedIn. There's going to be plenty of opportunities to do that, so you don't have to.  Let's give it one more minute. our first session, so people are going to be a little late. When I was a professor, this is always the time when people were streaming into the classroom, and you never knew when we needed to start.  But there was a point at which you were like, okay, we've got to get going. And so, it's a,  All right, just one more minute. And if you can, obviously, turn on your camera, it's great to, you know, be in a space with this many talented people, as you'll see during the next six weeks, getting to know each other is one of the best parts of this program.  You know, we, and I guess I'll just, this is why, in the mode of also kicking off, Ben and I have had, you know, an opportunity to speak to all of you.  And, and one of the best things about this program is just how impressive everybody is. And, you know, people always say that, but.  It's really true. You're all climate professionals. You all decided to take on kind of a pioneering leadership role in AI by coming into this program.  And so it's going to be fantastic for you all to meet each other. So for those of you that are just joining in, please do put your name, where you are, and the firm you work for, or your title, your role, in the chat so we can start everybody getting to know each other.  Because as I was mentioning, this is one of the best parts of this program. So for those of you who haven't met me, because I probably did interview only about a third of you, maybe 40% and been interviewed the rest.  My name is Diego Espinosa. the CEO of KithAI Lab, which is our umbrella organization on Kith Climate. And a lot of you probably met me through the workshops that we've given.  So I'm not going to belabor my intro. I'm going to give you the super quick version. And so I started out wanting to do stuff with the plan.  So I environmental engineering and I quickly took a detour, so I got an MBA in finance from Wharton. I went out to BCG, then a career on Wall Street, wore a bunch of different hats, including management hats, like being director of research.  I managed Wall Street analysts. I also managed a $10 billion global equity fund. Later on, I had a much, much smaller hedge fund that I managed and then kind of like decided to end my finance career and go into trying to do things that had impact.  So first step was going to go into the classroom. So I taught at MBA level at University of San Diego for about four years.  That's, I have a level of learning and teaching, and then went on to be interested in technology. So I was early into the blockchain space with the healthcare data startup, and then wanted to go into do something about climate.  So upskilling was a natural place for me because of my learning and teaching background. And so that's essentially how Kids Climate came to be.  was called Boys Academy. More recently. recently. We're exclusively focused in AI as Kith Climate. As Kith AI left, just so you know, we are in the enterprise training business as well.  So we have a number of products for AI adoption that we're launching at the enterprise level. And we're talking to financial firms and other firms about doing enterprise AI adoption.  So that's got a lot going on with a small team of only five people, and that's because we're a Cloud Code native team.  We do everything on Cloud Code. We do our app on Cloud Code. We do our work in Cloud Code.  And that allows us to do the work of, you know, multiple, multiple people, websites, apps, you know, budgeting, like whatever it is.  We do it on top of Cloud Code as a team. And that's why we, when we started doing that, we immediately decided to turn it around and go like, let's not keep this a secret.  Let's get it out there into the world of climate professionals, because this is such a powerful tool. That people need to start getting exposure to it.  And experience with it very, very fast. And that's what this program is all about. So formally, now that everyone is here, welcome everyone.  We have 28 people in this cohort. All of you have been through the interview process and the application process.  We wanted to assemble the best possible cohort of climate professionals. You range from consulting to tech to just to some with a financial ESG background, all kinds of different kind of like verticals within climate and sustainability.  And all of our climate professionals, there might be one or two exceptions to that. And I'm really happy that, you know, while a lot of you are mid-career senior, I'm happy that we also have some younger people here because like it's always interesting to see, you know, what the spectrum of use is depending on age.  think I'm on the older side of my career, as you could probably tell. And I want to see how younger people are using AI and cloud code.  Welcome. Thank you. And so it's great to have a mix of people here, and everyone, you know, really welcome you into this space.  What we're going to be doing for the next six weeks is basically similar to what you probably saw me do in the workshop.  So we are going to, and I'll say more about this in a little bit, we are going to be acting as a consulting firm for a simulated client.  We're all going to be acting as individual consultants, it's just too difficult to coordinate as teams. And we're going to be producing deliverables for this client, all individually, and they should be client-ready deliverables.  So in this space, we're going to act, we're going have fun, we're going to collaborate, we're to meet each other, and we're also going to maintain this kind of like expectation that we're producing client-ready work.  Because when it's real, and when you have, and the stakes are a little bit higher, you learn a ton more.  That's been my experience throughout my whole kind of learning and training career. So, you we want to take this very, this charge very, very seriously and say more about it in a second.  But you can think of us as the first, this sounds really wild to say, we will be the first Cloud Code native consulting firm probably ever to exist of this size.  So that's something that we can all be proud of and eventually hopefully brag about. And it's also something that's going to be exciting and fun to do.  So that's what we have ahead of us in the next six weeks. I just want to quickly have some team members that are here introduce themselves.  Yvonne, who has been so active on the climate side for us and really the face of KIF Climate in many respects on LinkedIn, just quickly say hi and intro yourself.

8:49 - Yvonne Espinosa
  I'll be very brief. Hi, everyone. Really would love to connect to everybody. I'm going to be more of an observer in this program, right, for this course.  I am actively using CloudCode, and I really love it, and I'm super excited about everybody really getting CloudCode native in this program.  For the past few years, I've been the climate career coach running the Design Your Climate Career program and helping people transition into AI and climate careers.  And right now, I really believe that AI is going to be the transformative thing going forward, so I'm super excited for all of you to be here.  I have a past of history in tech, and then worked with Diego also on the blockchain company, and then now with Voice Academy and KithAI Lab.  So welcome, everybody, and look forward to meeting everybody.

9:43 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Terrific. And then William Parish is here. He's our CTO and responsible for, you know, not only all of our apps and our technology, but our thinking around how we use AI and the software.

9:55 - William Parish
  So William, give a quick answer. Yeah, hey, I'm William Parish, like Diego said. I'm the CTO here. I've been in tech for my entire career and, honestly, my entire life.  I've done a lot of different things in a very short amount of time. Like Yvonne said, I'm going to very much be an observer.  I'm only going to really hop in if there's technical difficulties or you're not able to access the system or anything like that.  I'm super excited everyone's here and for everyone to get to use our products and everything. So thank you all for being here.

10:28 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Thank you, William. Ben is joining in. He's having technical difficulties today, as happens. And, by the way, we're a remote team.  We've been so from the start. So Yvonne and I are in Mexico City. William is in Tennessee. Alex Bickley, who works with us on the coding and product side, is currently in Thailand.  And William is somewhere in Colombia experiencing technical difficulties. But I think he can patch in audio.

10:55 - Ben Hillier
  So, sorry, Ben, if you could introduce yourself. Hi, everyone. everyone. Diego, can you, can you hear me okay?

11:01 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yes, we can hear you.

11:03 - Ben Hillier
  Excellent. Perfect. Yeah. So really excited to have everybody here. I've met a large amount of you in the interviews we've had and incredibly excited with the caliber of this code box.  I'm going to be helping out in a number of ways throughout the program. I'm going to be running the Wednesday sessions.  I'm going to be helping out a lot of the participants with clawed code related topics as well, and a lot of the project consulting.  So really excited to be helping a lot of you with your with the infrastructure you're going to be building and getting you on board.  My background originally came from a degree in environmental law and sustainability from the University of Cambridge, so I was focusing there on ESG finance and the built environment, which I know actually connects with a lot of the experiences of the professionals here.  I then moved in to volunteering with the original Boys Academy organization, and then have been a co-founder within KIF for the last, I think, five, four years.  And this has been across all of the different programs, running it across all of the different climate verticals, as well as running a variety of different special projects, be it different case competitions, different AI teams, different student projects.  So really, really excited to have everyone here today. And apologies that I can't have my camera on right now, but you'll be hearing my voice throughout their session.

12:22 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Thanks, Ben. And we can hear you clearly. So that's good. I also wanted to introduce Fernanda Piedra. She is joining us as an advisor on compliance.  And because AI and compliance are a little bit thought to be like oil and water. And so this is something that we want to tackle very proactively as a firm.  And Fernanda has a compliance background and is an alumni of our programs, which is a great combination to bring to the table.  And so she's joining the program as an advisor, but also is going to be going through it with this kind of like compliance mindset.  So, Fernanda, if you could just give a quick.

12:59 - Fer P.
  All right. Absolutely. Thank you, Diego. So my name is Fernanda. I have 20 years of experience in compliance working in companies like Goldman, Deutsche Bank, BlackRock, building and fixing compliance programs, and I had a master in sustainability, so I understand the climate sides of this class as well.
  ACTION ITEM: Email cohort re: Saturday networking; collect availability - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=795.9999

13:17 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  I'm very happy to be here with any help that you have related to compliance. Terrific. Thank you, Fernanda. Okay, so let's get underway.  And by the way, we're going to set up, just so you know, because right now we don't have any opportunity for everyone to meet each other, it would take too long, but we are going to set up a networking event, provide that first opportunity very soon, and I think that it's probably going to have to be on a Saturday, but Ben will be contacting you to find out, and I think it'll just be really important to set up that opportunity for you to get to know each other and just have some time going to breakout sessions, and so forth, because again, it's like one of the best parts about this program.  So today, though, really is about getting, and this week is about getting started with CloudCode. It should be relatively easy.  Sometimes there are, you know, gremlins that get involved in the installation process. I would say Anthropic hasn't, like, completely figured this out, right?  And to make it, like, supremely user-friendly. And I think that that is a good place to start for what we're going to be embarking on in the next six weeks is to first adopt a mindset of kind of, like, general tolerance for ambiguity.  Very little in AI is basically, like, completely ironed out. And even though a firm like Anthropic has raised, you know, billions and billions of dollars, I think it's probably, like, $30 billion, it's still, you know, shipping stuff every week.  And we, as kind of, like, productive users of their platform, we layer value on top of it, are always seeing new things pop up and go, like, oh, my gosh, we didn't expect that.  And that's changed. What do we do? about this. And this happens like literally every week. So we are going to onboard you in the cloud code.  It has gotten a lot easier than it was before. But that's part of our objective for today is to get you going on cloud code.  The second objective for today is to tee up the first week's deliverable as a consulting firm. And so I'm going to be talking about that towards the end.  If we get if for some reason you can't onboard because of difficulties or anything that's going on with you right now, you know, you this week, we're here to help you get onboarded and get underway.  So this is not just like a one hour done and done one and a one and done type of thing.  We want to make sure everyone is underway after that. Yes, we do expect to be pretty self sufficient with it, because it is really easy to use.  But I think, you know, obviously, we need to get you onboarded and on your way. So I'm going to so Ben sent something out to bit to have you download the desktop  If you haven't done that yet, what we're going to do, and I'm sorry, I need to record this session, and I hadn't, and I am terrible at that.  We do have a couple of Fathoms that are here as well, so don't worry. It's all going to be captured.  But basically, I'm going to take you through the onboarding, and if you have any difficulty, or if something's getting in your way, don't get too frustrated right now.  We'll work on fixing it, but let's get started. And the desktop app is the place to start, so hopefully all of you have downloaded the desktop app.  If you haven't downloaded the desktop app, it's going to put you a little bit behind, but we want you to go to Claude and do that.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1008.496439  So let me just pull up the step-by-step guide. So the first step is, and hopefully you have done this, create a Claude account.  If you go to cloud.ai and sign up and register, and I would recommend starting out on the pro plan, that $20 a month plan should be enough for you.  If you find that you're starting to max out on your session usage, then you can easily upgrade to max, or you could actually buy a bit more usage as well.  So, the, once you, when you go to cloud.ai, can do cloud.ai slash forward slash download, and you'll find where you download the app.  But before you, before you download the, I'm sorry, before you download the desktop app, you do need to subscribe.  It's easier if you subscribe. So, you just pay for the $20 a month subscription. You can do it monthly.  By the way, there's an annual one. Make sure you're doing the right one. If you don't want to commit to a whole year at this point, I think you should, maybe you should, but that's okay.  Just make sure that you know which, which one of those tabs that you're in. So, you're going to want to subscribe.  And then once you subscribe, it makes things a bit easier. That's when you want to download the cloud, it's not really a cloud code desktop app, it's the cloud desktop app, and it has like all of the cloud services in it, including chat and co-work, which is something that we don't use very much.  So I want to just give a minute to basically have you start on that, just in case there's anybody who's a little bit behind or hasn't started, just to get started on it before I continue.  But this part should be relatively easy, it's just like a download of any desktop app, you'll put it in your applications folder, and then you'll call it up, and then we'll just get started.  So just take a minute to do that. And so, by the way, this is what the download page actually looks like, whether you're a Mac or you're on Windows.  And so, for those of you who are just joining us, because There's couple of people who have just come in, go to this URL, Cloud Code Download, and if you haven't already created your account, you create your account, your $20 pro plan, and you go into the download part, and that's when you do the download.  So start out in cloud.ai, and do your subscription, and then you go to the download. Okay, can I just see some emojis, thumbs up, if you are at this stage where you've downloaded it and have an account?  Just to get a sense of the quorum. Okay, still got most of us at that point. Great. Okay, terrific.  So I'm going to get the rest of you going, and then I'll try to shift back and forth so that you can, so I'll kind of catch up with the people who are still in that process.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1269.086879  So you've downloaded the desktop app. Here comes the part that's the only part that's a little bit intimidating for non-technical people.  We've all, but also it helps you because you can basically say I'm an OG. I've been into the terminal of my computer and I've given it commands.  So before I go here, though, I want to actually show you what the download desktop app should look like.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1304.516736  So I'm going to go into my Zoom and go into Claude. Okay. So it should look like this. And crucially, up at the top, you should see these three little buttons here.  You see chat, and chat is your normal interaction with... With... with the models. Down here, you'll see Sonnet 4.6 or Opus 4.6.  You have access to both as a pro user. You'll chew up your tokens faster with Opus, but it's a lot smarter.  And so this is when you begin to decide, okay, when do I go to the max plan, which is $100.  Opus 4.6 is a Brainiac. Sonnet can get a lot of things done. And then Haiku, you could use it for, like, really quick tasks.  And then up here, you'll see Cowork, which we don't use in this program. So I'm just going to gloss over it.  And because it's kind of like using Cloud Code with training wheels, and we're not here to use training wheels.  We're here to be basically OGs by the end of this. So this is what Cloud Code looks like. And so you'll see a similar kind of, like, prompt window.  And then down here, I'm going to get to this in a minute. You'll see a file path, and I'll get into what that is and how it works.  And then over here on the side, you'll So if you start a new session, you can see you get a new kind of like prompt window, but I'll get into this a little bit more in a minute, but the main thing is that you be in the desktop app and have access to this little Cloud Code tab, okay?  So that's the first thing to kind of like check. If anyone doesn't have that, it's because you haven't signed up for the pro plan.  Because in the pro plan, you need the pro plan to be able to look at Cloud Code, I think.  And again, these things keep changing. So Anthropic might change that week to week. But it's been our experience that you need to subscribe to the pro plan, be logged into the subscription in order for you to be able to see that little code thing, which is really, really important.  Okay. So if anyone is having any problems, you can also put it in the chat. We've got William here.  We've got Ben here to address any questions. If we see similar questions, I can stop and address it myself.  But that's basically where you should be at this stage of the install process, being able to identify that you have CloudCode, OK?
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1442.881041  So now we're going to do the only part that's really tricky about this and involves pulling up your computer command line.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1458.145304  And so in that part, we're going to install something called Git, which is necessary for CloudCode to control your computer.  OK, so you're going to want to open your terminal or your command line for your computer. In Windows, you're going to search for PowerShell in the Start menu.  Or you can press the Win button and X and select PowerShell. And in Mac, you're going to go Command Space to open Spotlight and type in terminal and hit enter.  And what you'll get is an intimidating maybe black screen with just like a weird letters. fan more, and Numerals, or whatever, and a little arrow prompt.  And so once you're there, I'll give you a minute to just do that. We're just going to copy-paste a command, and I'll put it in check.  So this one is Mac. And this one is Windows. Don't put Mac in Windows, just do the line below.  OK. And what this does is it allows Cloud Code to actually add. Access to computer. It's the bridge between cloud code and your computer, which is really important.  And again, don't put Mac in the command. Or Windows. Just copy those.

26:28 - Ben Hillier
  Diego, just a heads up. You're adding those into the private chat with me in Zoom.

26:33 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  think you need to paste them into the main chat. Oh, gotcha. Sorry about that. So we're almost there. If you're at this point, you're doing really, really well.  And for those of you who are a little bit behind, let me stop sharing and I'll just go back and share my Cloud desktop again.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1639.761136  And so if you're in the desktop app, you should see a little Cloud icon appear on your desktop. And when you click on it, you'll see this appear.  you're not going to be in the browser. It'll say Cloud on your top left, about Cloud and so forth.  And then crucially, you'll have this little menu up top center. It takes a little getting used to to find a menu there.  It's kind of unusual. But you'll see chat, co-work, which we don't use, and code. And code is the one that you should be using in this session.  think, you'll see your details on the and yellow, green, green, green, green, green, green, green, green Is number one lowercase in windows?  Is it number one or lowercase? Let me check that. So then once you're there, for those of you that are catching up, once you're in that desktop app, call up your terminal and type in the command line for your computer and type in those lines that I put in the chat.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1707.886085  So I'm going to go back to my website. And so the question was for windows, whether it was a one.  It's one of those, I don't know what to call it. It's like one of those divider lines, vertical dividers.  Anyone know what those are called? Right before that, is that PS1 or PSL? In the break before that. Oh, that's PS1.  That's PS1.

28:53 - Martin Bernstein
  Important to know for those of us typing it in.

28:56 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  And you can also, well, try to copy paste if you can.

29:00 - Martin Bernstein
  I running on my iPad.

29:02 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Gotcha.

29:02 - Martin Bernstein
  Gotcha. Yeah.

29:06 - Ben Hillier
  Just as a note for everyone, I've also added this document that Diego is using into the Discord chat. What you'd need to do is basically if you download it, it will come up on your downloads and then you can open that in your browser.  So if anyone's wanting to have that document alongside Diego, you can also pull that up from the Discord chat.

29:33 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Okay. Let's take a read. How many people are at the point where they've installed this in the command line?

29:43 - Martin Bernstein
  I don't see it. You're done.

29:48 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Good. And if something's holding you up, you can put it in the chat. Okay. So the way that you know whether this worked or not, I'm going to go back to here.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1799.333257  idea here. I'm Is that, when you type something in the window, you will see the little orange prompt arrow highlighted so that it actually works.  And that means that you should be good to go. So, if everybody wants to go and paste that in.

30:36 - Ben Hillier
  I would just say, Diego, we could also set up the file space first before sending in that first prompt.

30:43 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  gotcha. I got ahead of myself. I'm sorry. One more step before that. I apologize. So, we're going to set up a file space just for this week.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=1850.112978  And again, if you're getting an error, please put it in the... William and Ben are both here to kind of help you out with that, and we can kind of come back.  This is going to be made available to you. So again, even if you don't get installed today, we're going to get you there.  Don't worry. The main thing is that you're going to be starting to use this. It's kind of like getting in a car, and maybe the key doesn't work or whatever, and you don't know what's going on.  We'll get your car started, and then you're going to be able to start driving. It's like that easy. Okay.  So now the next step is to create your project folder for this week. Okay. So we're going to just create a special folder in your computer, which is apart from all your other folders.  And so if you're on Mac or Linux, you're going to go back into the command line and type this in to get the folder started.  So let me copy paste that. Let's see. And if you're in Windows, you're going to do this, and this is just going to create.  Wrap Let's I'll a folder that you're going to find, and it's where you're going to store your Cloud Project stuff for this week, OK?  So you're basically creating these file paths that you see down here. So we're going to create a Cloud Projects location and give Cloud access to it.  So this is just like we're starting out, just trying to create a folder and point Cloud Code to that folder and say, start here.  Let's just start working here. And then we're going to be able to do some stuff in that for this week.  Don't worry, we're actually going to be using it.

32:35 - Temesgen Gebreyesus
  To create this folder, are we going to go in our folders and like create our own path? Or are we going to post that into our, paste that into our terminal as well?

32:45 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  You're going to post it into the terminal and the computer will do it for you. So then you'll find the path.  Yeah.

33:07 - Martin Bernstein
  It would be great if someone could put the individual, these lines into the, um, um, the Discord chat.

33:18 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Okay, uh, let me do that.

33:29 - Michaela Hepburn
  Hi, Diego, is there somewhere we can access what's on your screen directly?

33:34 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  yes, we'll sending that out right after, uh, so that you have access to it. So I've just put it in Discord as well.  Let's do that. Oh, William and Ben, I think we may need to, in some cases, may need to restart your Cloud Code session, because sometimes, go ahead, Ben.

34:26 - Ben Hillier
  Yeah, sir, I've just seen that. So, for a number of you, may need to restart the Cloud desktop, and this is a hard restart, rather than just X-ing it out on the top right.  What you can do is, you can go to your Task Manager, and Diego, if you can just check this on Mac OS, but if you go on your Task Manager, you should be able to see Cloud Code running, and you need to right-click on that and click End Task or End Session.  When it then restarts, it should have everything running. This is actually a common thread with In Claude Code more generally, if later down the line, you download something that is quite significant to the Claude Code infrastructure, maybe an MCP or a tool, a lot of times you're going to have to reset the desktop app so that it can then reload with all of those extra documents.  I also saw somebody mention about the requirement for Git, which is a very common piece, and Diego actually, if you just scroll up one section in that document, I added a bit regarding troubleshooting.  So if in your terminal it says that you need Git or you need Node.js or one of these other dependency kind of softwares, what you can do is you can copy paste the text that it provides you with, put that into Claude AI, the classic Claude chat, and it should be able to give you exact instructions.  I think I've actually already added the instructions for Git on the bottom left. You can follow that link and download.  but I do recommend having a conversation in Claude.ai to help you get that set up. It seems like from the chat, the vast majority of everybody has already had Git and Node.js installed, which has meant that the download has been very smooth, but if any of you face issues around Git or Node.js, you can just take that kind of screenshot of what's happening on terminal, send it to Claude.ai, and it will be able to give you a step-by-step guidance on that specific piece of software.

36:30 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  You'll need to download. Right, so somebody just put in the chat, Jessica, that you're still not seeing it brighten, and that basically implies that somehow the Git wasn't installed, and so this can happen.  We may need to work with you. you. afterwards to see what went wrong and get that done. One thing that you could do, we've got three people that have that.  Yeah, hover over the button to see if anything comes up. generally speaking, if the button is not lighting up, William, it means that it was not installed.  William I'm just curious as to what the specific, because that might help in the debug process. William does anything come up when you hover?  William experience was it didn't. It just says, select a folder to continue. Oh, select a folder. William that might be it.  Okay, so for those of you who are there, now I'm going to take you through how that works. Okay, so if we go back into Claude.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=2267.041327  In this session, right when you start the session, I'm going to start a new session. Greenfield You're going to go down here to the bottom left, and you're  You're to choose a folder. See how mine says, choose a different folder. And it's going to pull up my Finder.  This is on the Mac version. So what I would do on my Finder is find that file path. Search for it.  in Mac, you have also the ability to kind of say go to.

38:17 - Ben Hillier
  a heads up, Diego, your file finder isn't currently showing up within your share.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=2308.643891

38:23 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  It's just the code background. Gotcha. So you're going to go into You're going to go into Finder. Here's my Finder.  So here, I have users. So it should be in users for new Mac OS users. And you would be able to see the Cloud Projects folder there.  And then you would click it. And then that should solve it. Sorry, it was a wrinkle that I forgot about, which is that it won't highlight until you actually choose a folder.  Thank you, Pearl, for making that clear to me. Terrific, so if that's, so, and if you have any trouble finding that file path, in Mac, you can go to, you go to Go, and then type it in, and it'll find it for you.  I'm not sure about Windows. Okay, how many of you have completed this process, so that you're now standing in front of your Cloud Code-capable desktop app, with a file selected?  Terrific. Now, let's just, let's just get used to driving this car, even though there's nothing in there right now.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=2383.912576  I'm going to say, I'm going to just give you an example of, of something that you can do. So, I'm going to go into something that's a little bit different, let me see.  Let's see. me. Let And I'm going to say, hey, how many folders? How many files? Sorry. And we're going to cover this more next week.  We're going to cover data next week, by the way. But I want you to get used to the fact that you can ask CloudCode anything about the folder that it is pointing to.  And this is something to get used to, because this is how CloudCode, some of you have probably used AI in the past.  And there might be various ways that you can give it memory. This is the way CloudCode has memory, because it sees what's in that folder.  All right. So I have 72,000 files in this workplace. That seems like a lot. That's because I have some code files in there.  And there's many, many of those. So, strip out. the node ones. The node and get ones. And so it's telling me how many kind of like more document folders I have and things like that.  When you create code, it actually creates a lot of subfolders. That's why. So I have 2,700 files in this space.  Note that I started with two. I started. So you right now have no files in your folder. Okay. Pretty soon we're going to give you something to put in.  I started with two files and now I have 2,700. And so that tells you how powerful cloud code is and how quickly you can create work because I started like eight weeks ago.  Right.

41:49 - Ben Hillier
  So just for context, there's few people in the chat asking. what the file that Diego is using is actually the core organizational file.  know. Okay. That's why it has so many. so the folder that you have should, well, this is a pre-utilized folder.  The folders you've all created should have 0,000. So don't worry, shouldn't expect to have thousands of files in there yet, but as you go through the program, that number will grow.

42:18 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Okay. So the point of today is to get you up and running. We're going to send you some files to put in the folder.  And, but the key was for you to be able to access the folder and get to this point. Okay.  Now that you're at this point, you're in command of your computer through cloud code. And, and you've pointed at where you want to do things, where you want to work.  Okay. What is the file name to connect with? Let me just put that up. Well, I think I put that in the chat.  Did I not? Maybe I didn't. Let me just go and put that there real quick. So I'm going to just add that.  Let me see. Let me put it in the chat, in case I hadn't before. Chat. These are your file paths.  OK. OK, so now, we're, I'm going to, so don't worry too much. I'm going to take it from here.  But you, you have Cloud Code on your desktop now. You have access to that folder. And that's what you need to start working this week.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=2627.305551  Start working on what? That's what I'm going to cover now. OK. So I'm going to share my screen. Let me see.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=2637.299153  And I'm going to show you something cool. don't I'm basically... In Kith Climate, can you find the briefing for the cohort start, the one that references the bnorthwood client request for week one?  So it's looking across those 2,700 files that I have. And it's looking for the file that I'm asking for.  And this is part of the power of having it be connected to your computer. Is pretty quickly what you're going to see is that this UI is the place where you're going to be able to find the HTML.  Briefing. Is that you're going to be able to do everything through this UI. Like almost everything you do is mediated through this chat box.  So you can see. Instead of going to finder to find something, I'm basically asking Cloud Code to find it for me.  And after a while, what happens is you even start getting a little bit lazy. You're just like, I'm not going to do this anymore.  I'm just going to have Cloud Code do everything. So it found it. And so I'm going to say launch it, launch in browser.  So it's going to launch this HTML file in browser, and we're going to take a look at it. So you see how lazy I am that I don't even go and look for stuff anymore.  I just basically have it do stuff with me. So now let's go see what it launched. And it launched the briefing for this week that it made.  OK. So I'm using Cloud Code to make this program. And it made this HTML file with my instructions. So it's a presentation, but it made it in HTML, which is the way that it makes things.  And then we can convert it to PDF. So this essentially supplants PowerPoint for me. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a few minutes to go through this presentation to tell you what you're going to be doing this week.  Again, we're reachable in Discord this week if you have any issues or anything, but you're going to be using the items that we're going to be putting in, Claude, and giving you to put into this folder.  You're going to download and put them into the folder to do this work for the week. Okay, and I'm going to ask you this week to just kind of like roll with it.  We have a midweek session, and then we have the Friday session to come in and demo, but we have deliverables for this week.  They're pretty easy to do. Okay, so welcome to Kith Consulting. Your first client. So what is Kith Consulting? It's a climate and sustainability consulting firm built on Claude Code, the first one.  We do climate strategy for private equity and also other kinds of firms like carbon accounting, ESG integration, sustainability reporting.  I It's I We work with CloudCode as our OS, so everything we do is done in CloudCode within this consulting firm.  Okay? It's not a side tool, it's basically our operating system. Our team is almost 30 consultants, that's you. And you bring the domain expertise and CloudCode brings the proficiency and the ability to get things done.  So that's, you're going to get one very light document, which is basically like what is Kith Consulting and that's what it is.  You're also going to get this logo or wordmark, which you can use for all of your deliverables. So RichPoint Capital, a private equity firm, has contacted us.  And it's a mid-market private equity firm based out of Chicago, $1.8 billion in assets. It has eight portfolio companies.  For those of you who don't know private equity, it's basically a firm that owns a lot of different firms.  It's financial in its orientation, but it owns firms that are just basically operating companies. can't get And am to So,  Sarah Mitchell, the COO, they don't have, by the way, a dedicated ESG person. Hence the need for some consulting.  Okay? Sarah Mitchell, the COO, former McKinsey, she oversees the ops, the tech, the vendors, and ESG. And her problem is that she has ESG gaps across the portfolio.  The portfolio companies are, they don't have dedicated people, so it's trying to get some of the CFOs times or the ops leads times.  Sarah have previously used McKinsey for ESG work, very expensive. They're also kind of like unhappy with the generic, not private equity focused deliverables.  And they've spent a whole bunch of money with these firms. Okay? So we're going to be working for this PE firm.  And what they want, sorry, is what they have is three objectives. They want climate deliverables with immediate impact. So the work product, the fund and the portcos can use them right now.  Work product, fund and the portfolio companies called portcos can use right now. They want a system that compounds, so methodologies, playbooks, and templates that can persist afterwards.  Naturally, clients always don't want the consultants to just walk out the door and take the work with them. And then thirdly, a test case for AI-native work and consulting.  So they just want to see how we do with this, because we're the first cloud-code-native firm that they've ever engaged with.  So they're watching us to see what our deliverables look like, how quickly, how many we can generate. And that's part of the reason why they chose us.  So also, one big point, the work reads like climate consultant adaptive for PE and not PE consulting that incorporates climate.  So basically, they want the deliverables to be PE-oriented, which means that they're very focused on the financials and valuations.  … … … … … That's going to become evident in the following weeks, because in the environment that you're going to be working in with all the data, it'll include all the financial data, and you'll be able to ask Cloud Code to go across these barriers as if nothing.  Tell me the financial impact of X, and it'll be able to do it. Okay, so like a relatively novel thing for climate consulting.  So this is a big part of why they're choosing this. These are the portfolio companies, business services, healthcare services, industrial industrial technology, environmental services.  So it's relatively services oriented. I have to say that they're not going to be like super risky ESG problems here, but that's not really what the issue is for these assignments.  It's basically like, can we meet their deliverables, right? So these are the companies that they own. So the deliverable for this week, your assignment is to look in the folder, which is now going to be populated with, you're going to populate it with four four, uh,  four simple files, four or five simple files. And you're basically going to come up with a proposal for them.  You're going to talk about the proposed deliverables over the next six weeks. You're going to talk about the benefits and outcomes, the data requirements that you need from the client.  You're going to talk about the team and the approach. What are our capabilities? And anything else that they should be thinking of in formally choosing us.  And so this proposal could be a slide deck or a document or both. And you're going to work with cloud code to create it.  And we're going to give you this information so that you have access to it in your folder, so it's not the last time you see it.  Many of you are probably thinking, Diego, I don't know what the deliverables are that we're going to be creating.  And I don't know what the benefits and outcomes are or the data requirements. Okay, so where are you going to find out that information?  Aha, what you're going to do is you're going to go to clod, once you have these files in there, and you're basically going to say, look in my clod projects folder, do you see the ridge point, let's call it request for a pitch, and the kith consulting description.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=3121.344483  Please help me develop a pitch. Okay, that's going to be your first request, and you're going to start collaborating with CloudCode to develop this pitch.  So it's very meta for having you use CloudCode to develop a pitch for how you use CloudCode to do climate consulting.  So from the very start. We're having you do Cloud Code to basically not only do something, but to plan how to do something, to think about how to go about doing something, and so we want you to have a freeform conversation with Cloud, and a way to have a freeform conversation is basically to go to it and go, what should I, sorry, I'm not screaming, I think about first, okay, and then you push return, and I'm not going to show you what it whatever what it returns, because I want you to do this, you take it from here.  And when you're a Cloud Code newbie, the thing that you need to understand is that the car will tell you how to drive the car.  But you need to tell it where you want to go. Okay, so it's going to respond, and then you're going to respond back to that to it, I don't get it, or maybe what about this, or I've been thinking about that, or I think you might be missing something.  And you're going to be starting from scratch to develop So you know very little about Northwood at this point, and that's exactly the situation you're in when you get one of these client requests to start with.  Give me a pitch deck. Here's some information about me. I want you to understand your capabilities. What capabilities? The ones that you and CloudCode are going to work with.  And you're going to develop a presentation. And that presentation is going to be kind of the benchmark for the The next five weeks.  You're go back to it and you're going to go, did we do that? Did we actually deliver against it?  And it's going to form like a first kind of like stake in the ground where you're really starting to think about what you want to accomplish and how you can accomplish it in the next six weeks.  So we're starting with uncertainty and ambiguity that is being cleared up with CloudCode. We're not starting out with a template of here's exactly how you do.  We're going to send you the 10 instructions and the five prompts. Right? We're starting from the point of, like, we know very little.  And we have something to do for this client. And we're going to try to see how far we can get from the initial files that you're going to receive, which are Wordmark file, so you can brand at Kids Consulting.  By the way, we're not in the business of consulting, so you don't have to worry. We're not competing with any consulting firms.  I know some of you here are consultants. No plans to go into climate consulting. Please, do not think that this is like you working with somebody else.  It's purely for the sake of simulations. So you're going to receive that, some information about what Kids Consulting does, some information about Northwood Capital Partners that they sent over, and this presentation that I just showed you.  That's all you're going to start with. And you're going to use that, you're going to point cloud code to it, and you're going to say, hey, I have to do this by the end of this week.  What do I do? Right? and that way you'll start- Thank And we'll all be interested to see what everyone comes up with at the end of the week for Demo Friday.  Okay? So I know we've done a lot at you if you haven't successfully onboarded and you're not at the point where you can do this.  And by the way, I'm just going to put this in the chat. That's the only prompt I'll ever give you probably.  But so you have this one for free. Breaking the rules of never giving you prompts. Ignore the all caps.  I'm not screaming. And that could be once we give you the files to put in there, which Ben is going to send out.  There's only four or five. They're very, very live files, right? And that's where you're going to get started. So Cloud Code can search the internet.  Cloud Code can reason over billions and billions of data points and find patterns. Cloud Code is incredibly intelligent, especially if you use 4.6.  And when you get to the point where you say, what kind of delivery? In have Well, should we be sending?  Remember, it's probably going to be in HTML, and just like I opened that presentation in my browser, you'll be able to open it in your browser for Friday.  And that's as easy as saying, launch it for me. Launch it for me in browser. And that's the trick with HTML, is it kind of like it's designing a web page, which is very, very high fidelity graphically.  Does any one of these tell what Kit does, what Kit Consulting does? Yes, just at a broad level, what Kit Consulting is and what it does.  In terms of as a clue about what kind of deliverables, it's basically, we're here to serve the client. So we want to make this realistic that the simulated PE firm, when they do send us the data, which will be the simulation that we created, it'll be realistic data.  It won't be perfect. It'll be missing some things. And we'll all be starting to work on the data next week.  This week is about pitching. Next week we're gonna have two We files to work in that they're going to send us, and we're going to start our work, and we're going to start by looking at the data and going, like, did they send us all the data that we requested?  Because, of course, they won't. No client ever sends us all the data that we requested. No client always sends us perfect data.  So next week, when we get the data from them, our first task is going to be to look at the data and go, like, what's missing?  Is it right? Should we ask them for more? Remember, every time we ask our client for data, we bug them.  So we can't just go, like, no, you missed, like, tons of data. Like, please send it to us right away.  Like, of course, we're not going to do that. In a true consulting environment, that's a hard thing to do.  We realize that they're resource constrained. So this is going to be a true simulation of consulting work. So we have just a couple of minutes and happy to stay just a bit longer and ask and answer questions and kind of short circuit them.  We've thrown a lot at you, but to summarize, where you should be right now is you should be able to use Cloud Code pointing it at a folder.  We're going to put some basic files in that folder, and you're going to use Cloud Code in those basic files plus your own experience and critical thinking that you bring to the table to generate a pitch for Bnorthwood in response to their request.  Did Bnorthwood give you enough information? They never do. Right? What do you do about it? What kind of a pitch can you come up with?  And then, on Wednesday, we have a midweek check-in for questions, and on Friday, we're going to come in and demo.  We're going to go into breakout rooms, and we'll demo to each other the different pitches and what we said.  Won't it be interesting to figure out what you came up with? Remember, there's no question that you can't ask Cloud Code.  If you want to stop in the middle of a session and say, what is the meaning of life? You can get into a deep philosophical discussion as if you were talking  to one of the smartest persons you ever spoke to, I guarantee it. I've done it. Okay? So there's no question that you can't ask CloudCode and get into a conversation with it about.  And there's no deliverable that it can't create. If you say, create a spreadsheet for me, create a PDF for me, all these different things.  And we'll get to that as the program goes on. But this is the start of our simulation. We're all working for Kith Consulting and good luck in the first week.  And we'll stick around. If someone has questions, this is a good time to bring them up if you want to get a head start into the week.  And I know some other people have to drop off. So anyone have questions?

1:00:43 - Martin Bernstein
  Well, functional question about Claude in mind. So let's say you're working with Claude over time, right? And you develop, and part of what that involves is Claude has to understand, say, the capabilities,  So it can provide appropriate tools and recommendations for you, right? How do you kind of make Claude remember what it's learned about your company and its capabilities?  Can you tell it to like make a file that will help it remember this?

1:01:24 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yeah, Martin, you nailed it. That's exactly what we're going to be doing. We're going to be creating files as the six weeks go on that are our firm IP that basically say, hey, next time you do this, I want you to do it this way.  Next time you do it, I want you to do it that way. And this is the way that we build a skeleton around Cloud Code where a consulting firm won't have to come up with everything as if it were the first time every time.  But we are, and we are going to show you some of those that we created, but you all will also be creating some of those.  So, say, say if you If more questions about that, Martin, save it as we go on, because I think it's a great question, but you're going to get ahead of yourself, and we get into a long discussion, but we will get there, believe me.  And so, any other ones, put them at the chapel, because I want to make sure we get to other people as well.  So, Temet.

1:02:23 - Temesgen Gebreyesus
  Temeskin? Is that what you're trying to call my name?

1:02:25 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yeah, Temeskin.

1:02:26 - Temesgen Gebreyesus
  Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. Temeskin. put in it okay perfect thank you so you'll you'll just be

1:03:00 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Downloading those files and moving them from download over to your user folder. then once they're there, Temesgen, Cloud Code will see them.  You don't have to tell it, hey, I put files in there or whatever. I mean, you can. You can say, I put some files in there.  Do you see them? And you can even say, by the way, tell me what those files are. Tell me what they say.  Right? You can ask it anything.

1:03:25 - Temesgen Gebreyesus
  Got it. Appreciate it.

1:03:26 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Thank you. Sure. Michaela?

1:03:29 - Michaela Hepburn
  Hi. Thank you so much. The same time that you're sending the files, will you also be sending the HTML to the assignment itself?

1:03:40 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  That's also going to be in the folder. So Cloud Code will be able to see that.

1:03:45 - Michaela Hepburn
  Okay. Yeah. The HTML with the instructions on how to download everything was super helpful. So I was just looking for the HTML on the specific assignment itself.

1:03:54 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  So. It will be there as well. And by the way, Cloud Code can read HTML. don't Just as like, that's the weird thing about.

1:03:59 - Michaela Hepburn
  I It doesn't care whether something is written in English or in code.

1:04:04 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  It simply doesn't care. So if you point it to a bunch of code and say, tell me what this says, it will just tell you.  Or if you point it to an Excel spreadsheet and tell me, like, what's in the spreadsheet? What's it trying to do?  Like, it will just kind of, like, talk to you in English about it.

1:04:19 - Michaela Hepburn
  Thank you.
  ACTION ITEM: Email cohort onboarding guide + Week 1 files (Kith Consulting, Northwood Capital Partners, wordmark, assignment HTML) - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=3867.9999

1:04:20 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Sure. Other questions? Thoughts? Anybody else? Everyone?

1:04:38 - Ben Hillier
  The email is ready to go. was just going to send it out as soon as we finish. So everyone's going to be receiving that email.  It's got the five files that Diego mentioned for this week's work. And it has that extra code set up document as well.  So you'll all be receiving that as soon as this call finishes. you.

1:05:01 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Any other questions?

1:05:04 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  Yeah. Good question. Can you hear me, Diego?

1:05:07 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yes.

1:05:08 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  Hey. So there were sort of two prompts that we gave our terminal for a macOS user, and I just wanted to confirm what we did there.  The first that began with curl, was that to just sort of install the local get session capability?

1:05:25 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yes.

1:05:25 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  Yes. Okay. And in lay terms, does that mean I can use it offline, and it's only communicating with my files?

1:05:35 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  In lay terms, does that mean you can use it offline? Yes. Understand that Cloud Code is going to be able to access the internet, though.  So it can do web searches and things like that.

1:05:47 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  And then the second terminal prompt we used that began with MKD, that was just to create a folder called Cloud Projects as a place to point Cloud Code.
  ACTION ITEM: Post Discord @everyone: only grant Claude access to Cloud Projects folder; decline other requests - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=3949.9999

1:05:57 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yes. And ... By the way, some of you may be getting notifications, and Ben, please put this in Discord with an at to everyone in the cohort, some of you may get notifications from your computer saying, can I look in here and can I look in there?  Say no. Just say no. It only needs access to this one folder. Other questions? Thoughts?

1:06:40 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  I've actually got one more. I missed the comment on a brightening arrow in the cloud space. What were you saying there and what should I be looking for?
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=4011.560475

1:06:51 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  It's this one down here, this little orange one. So if git is installed and if you're connected to the folder,  That will highlight, and you'll be able to send the prompt.

1:07:04 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  Got it. Okay. I've got the bright arrow, so I'll get there.

1:07:09 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  I mean, really, the bright arrow is really the most important thing about this whole hour. If you have a bright arrow, you are good to go.  So if anyone doesn't have a bright arrow, this is a good time to bring it up. Anyone else have a question?

1:07:30 - Nil Sensu
  I think I might have a question.

1:07:32 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Sure.

1:07:34 - Nil Sensu
  Among these consulting files, are we going to have also a real estate portfolio?

1:07:41 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So what you're, what will be, if you think about this as a real simulation, real, you know, this week is about pitching for the work.  And so you're basically using Cloud Code to figure out how you would pitch Cloud Code native capabilities, right? And so it's almost like...  Asking CloudCode to collaborate with you and being self-referential, what would I use CloudCode to do if I were in this situation?  And that's how you're going to develop your pitch. Then what's going to happen is the client is going to respond and say, you won it.  You won the engagement. Here's some of the data that you asked for. And that's when we get our simulated environment for the Bnorthwood Capital.  That'll have about 150 files, 165 and it's going to be a data dump. And like many times, we'll have to figure out what's in there, what's usable by us, what do we still need?  And that's the subject of the first week, is how do we figure out the data that's in the environment and how good the data is and how we might improve it, all kinds of things like that.  Does that answer your question, though?

1:08:53 - Nil Sensu
  Um, I think I was more asking specifically about the sectors that you had a list of like, I think there was like eight.  Like healthcare, I don't remember, logistics, and one of them, I could not see a real estate-focused portfolio there. I don't know whether portfolio is the right term for it.  This is exactly my question, actually, because I know that when we are signing up for the cohort, real estate was one of the focuses, and I'm working in the construction sector, so this would be a very nice focus for me.
  ACTION ITEM: Add real estate-focused portfolio company to Northwood simulation - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/602925051?timestamp=4159.9999

1:09:30 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Okay, that's good to know. I think we can add that. Let me think about how to do that, but it's, we're really, we don't want to create bespoke companies for everyone, but I think it is a good idea to have a real estate-focused one in there, and so we can go ahead and create it.  I would say don't worry about it so much for like the first week, but we'll get it in there eventually.

1:09:53 - Nil Sensu
  Okay, thank you.

1:09:56 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Other questions while we're still here?

1:10:08 - Yvonne Espinosa
  I would just say to everybody, if I can, you know, this might seem a little overwhelming, especially if you're non-technical in the first week, but once you get going and driving, it's kind of like driving a car.  You're going to be really excited about all of the capability that you have. So I just would say, just as somebody who's non-technical, you know, once you get up running and going, it's just, it will really just blow your mind what you'll be able to do.

1:10:39 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  And the other thing I would say is the main thing when using AI is that you have a deliverable that you're trying to get to, because that's what opens it up to your critical thinking.  Like I have a purpose, I need help to get to my purpose. And that's the critical thing about learning how to collaborate with AI.  It's your purpose and your... So that you're collaborating with them on. But when you have a purpose, you have all kinds of critical thinking that comes through, like, do you know how to do X?  Can you do Y? What about this? What do you think about that? And that's the kind of collaboration that we're trying to get you started on it right away.  Awesome. Last chance for questions, and then we'll drop.

1:11:28 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  What is the format and suggestion for the Wednesday office hours?

1:11:33 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Just come with questions that you have, and we troubleshoot.

1:11:36 - Eli Forrester, Recology
  Okay. Sounds good.

1:11:38 - Diego Espinosa (espinosa.dv@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Anything else? Awesome. Okay. Put questions in Discord. Come to the office hours. And we're really looking forward to see everyone.  Please do demo your deliverables. It's so great when people come with an actual product that they're wanting to show it to everyone else.  Again, it is like a professional simulation, so we do want to create client-ready pitch books, or pitch decks, or documents, or whatever it is that you're trying to create.  So thanks, everybody, and have a great week. Thanks a lot. Thank you.