Impromptu Zoom Meeting - March 18
VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:04 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining today. We've got a few more people joining in the waiting room, but really excited to be having this first check-in session.  Hopefully, a lot of you have been able to now have a little bit of exploration within Cloud Code, of course.  We are expecting there to still be some questions around fully onboarding, getting stuff up and running, so we are going to be able to cover all of those types of questions today.  But we're also going to be exploring a little bit more as to the outputs you've all created, any of the questions that have arisen.  I've been sent a number of questions across the various Discord channels, so I know there's going to be a good number of questions today, but just wanting to welcome everybody here and bring in Diego to give a little bit of an introduction.

0:48 - diego espinosa
  Hey, everybody. It's Art. And if you could, as you'll see, as the weeks progress, getting to know each other is an important part of this, so it always helps if you can turn your camera on, understand if you can.  And... And... And so, you know, you got your start on Monday, hopefully, in a kind of like, no, no consultant left behind philosophy, everybody is onboarded.  If you're not, like, we definitely need to get you onboarded. That's the main thing. And, and so I think a lot of this philosophy or approach behind what we're trying to do is, is something that I call kind of like learning by raising the stakes.  So that's, that's something that's liable to have, like people throw tomatoes at me to say. But basically, the idea behind learning by raising the stakes is that we all naturally do things and learn things like very, very quickly when the stakes are high.  And, and, you know, the opposite is also correct. So learning by raising the stakes is essentially saying like, you have a pitch to deliver on Friday, learn how to do it.  And so we want those stakes. To be real. And then a natural response to that is like, well, I don't know how to do that.  And so what we're trying to do is create a channel for you to immediately go in and start dialoguing with CloudCode about what you do know, what you don't know, so that you can collaborate on those things.  It's funny, Ben and I were discussing, because we have a number of student testers, I think they're from various London area universities or UK universities, coming in, and we're going to have them test an app that we're developing on a topic that they probably know very little about.  And I was like, well, why don't we see if they can do it? Why don't we see if they can use CloudCode to actually output good quality work on this topic that they don't?  Wouldn't that be something that'd be really interesting to learn? And so that's what part of what you're engaged with this week is like, you're going to deliver a pitch on work that you do when you've never really done the work before using that.  And so it's a way to basically get you involved and engaged. Engaged in this kind of collaboration. So I just wanted to mention that kind of like right off the bat.  I'm sure you have questions. And so this session, this midweek session, is for you to just, you know, basically like not let a whole week go by without people having their questions addressed.  We want to make sure that you have forward motion. And so Ben and I are here, answer more technical questions, questions around climate work, whatever it is that's coming up for you that might be getting in your way or observations that you want to contribute could be a relatively free form discussion.  So yeah, with that, I'll hand it back to him.

3:36 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Yeah. So as Diego mentioned, there's no topics that we don't cover in these sessions. Again, because it's going to be the first week, it's going to be a little bit more around onboarding, questions around your interactions with Claude Code.  So we'd just love to see if anybody would like to go first with any questions. Happy to people to raise their hand.  And also actually, as you ask the question. It would be lovely to start giving a little introduction about yourself.  At the end of the session today, I'm going to be covering more about community. We're going to have an actual full community session and some more assets for all of you to connect with each other.  But as you ask the question, it would be lovely to hear maybe a little bit around your current role or where you come from in sustainability, as well as where you're calling from.  So if anybody is happy to ask the first question, we would love to hear it. Jessica, I see your hand is up first.

4:36 - Jessica Thomas
  Hi, thanks, Ben. My name is Jessica Thomas, and I formerly built and grew the sustainability function at Activision Blizzard.  It's a video game company in Southern California. And did that for a while, accounted for our entire environmental footprint.  Ben. Submitted that to the Science Based Targets Initiative for validation with our near term and net zero carbon targets and was recognized as one of America's famous businesses a few hours before being acquired by Microsoft.  So I did that for a couple of years and up until last summer. And now I'm doing some advisory work in this space.  Um, I'm still in Southern California. And my question is, so I, I think I heard a little bit about Diego talking about, we have to, um, we, we should figure out some questions that we need to ask, um, this client.  And, um, I've done that. I've started a pitch deck and I'm just want, I thought we actually had two weeks.  So now I feel like I'm behind. Um, and, um, I'm wondering, you know, how we get that information back from the client.  Yeah, so think about it this way.

6:09 - diego espinosa
  It's not so much that you ask. So the sequence here, which is somewhat related to what might happen in a real consulting situation, is that the client has sent out a kind of like expression of interest and said like, oh, for various reasons, we've heard about you.  And we want to receive a proposal from you or a pitch from you. And so as far as they're concerned, the next step is to give them that pitch.  And so the questions that might arise basically happen in the pitch. So in other words, it'll be like, we plan to do this work for you, but we're going to need this data and this and this.  So that could be like a slide in the pitch, as might normally be the case. How realistic is it?  Like we've been contacted to say, you know, give us a proposal before like having hardly any. Information on the thing that we're proposing about.  But then, of course, we know what we're. We doing and how to do it. So the challenge here is that you've never done this before with cloud code.  And that's where the exploration really, really lies, Jessica. So basically, like, and I want to say, like, what you're going to see in this exploration is that there is a spectrum.  You could basically point cloud code to the proposal, to the proposal request, point cloud code to whatever information is, scant information is in your folder, and say, hey, do the pitch for me.  Right? That's one end of the spectrum. The other end of the spectrum is like, hey, what ideas do you have?  What would you be pitching? Let's discuss that. Oh, I think it could be like this. Oh, I really like that.  Let's, let's add this other thing. And then that's, and then in the course of that collaboration, you could be like, but we don't have, like, will we have this information?  Could we actually do this? What's typical of an engagement like this in terms of the. Information that you can ask for, because that's going to determine like what tasks can be done.  And as you all know, sustainability and climate are very data dependent, right? So it's like very often, like we'd love to be doing things and we just don't have the data to be doing it.  And so that can like surface as a topic. So this is the kind of discussion and collaboration that you can have with cloud code that might surface those then requests that you make with them because the work that you propose is dependent somewhat on the information that they provide.  Does that make sense, Jessica? Awesome.

8:34 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  And then just one thing I wanted to add as well is if when we're talking about the actual data you're going to receive from the client, that's going to be a set of folders that we have internally created as that simulated environment.  So that's where that data is going to be going to be coming from starting on Monday next week.

8:52 - diego espinosa
  And keep in mind, we're a real client. So we might be like, no way are we going to give you data like that.  Or We'll give you what we have and you figure it out, or maybe we can do that, but not for another week.  Like, we're going to have, like, natural kind of client responses.

9:11 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Joseph, I see your hand was raised next. Yeah, thanks, guys.

9:19 - Joseph Anderson
  So I started playing around with getting the pitch deck together, had the conversation with Claude to kind of iterate on what the structure of the presentation could be.  And I got to a point where I would like to see a rough draft. And I mentioned this in one of the Discord channels, I think the question one.  I kept getting consistently prompt for different tool uses, not just file access. And I skipped the file access, like you mentioned.  But at the end of the process, it was 139 tool uses, each one with me having to, like, click into and edit.  And to be fair, the rough draft wasn't bad. But... But it wasn't like something that could run on the side while I was reviewing other documents for work, for example.  After the fact, I realized I didn't explicitly tell Claude code that I wanted this in HTML format. And so I tried to make a PowerPoint, which required several more permissions and downloads.  And I understand why that process is more QA heavy. And actually, I got my question sort of half answered as you were doing your intros, because I just asked Claude why it needed that many requests itself.  But if I could get into that much of a hiccup just making a pitch deck, if I'm trying to put together a business or a website or a automated dashboard, I'm going to run into this again, right?  So I'm wondering if you guys have any tips or tricks from your experience that you can reduce the amount of sort of babysitting required for Claude code or just like simple things to include in a prompt that...  How it from taking a QA-heavy process and finding a leaner approach?

11:05 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, great question. So two suggestions. One is, as a lot of you will discover, you may be prompted by CloudCode to produce what's called a CloudFile.  And the CloudFile is like macro instructions for Cloud. And so in that CloudFile, you might say something like, I'm working in a simulated environment.  Don't keep coming back to me asking for permission to work in the environment. That will reduce a lot of the clicks that you do.  Be very specific, you know, about that. And then that will help with that problem. So one thing to remember here is basically the general principle.  If Cloud is doing something, if CloudCode is doing something that you don't like, ask it how to stop doing that.  General principle. You could even say like, this is annoying. You know, like, please, please direct me on how we can stop this, that kind of thing.  Same thing, a lot of times what it will do when I ask it to, like, for instance, the other day I had to create a Word document for me right off the bat.  And, oh, my gosh, was it taking so long. It was basically, because what it does when it writes in code, like, it actually codes the word formatting in, like, XML, and then, like, it uses Python to do that.  Oh, my God, like, what a huge amount of work to do that. And so I was just like, what is taking so long?  And it was like, well, I have to code this and do that. I'd be like, is there a better way to do it?  Oh, maybe I'll do it in HTML and convert it to Word. Okay, like, why didn't you do that to begin with?  So what happens after a while is that you get, it's almost like with someone that you work with who is not doing, is not kind of, like, reading your signals or your intent very well.  And so what happens. is that it's basically your management job to get alignment on your intent with what they're doing, right?  So the reason why HTML is a good place to start always is because it just seems to do that really fast and pixel perfect.  So the formatting is amazing and like all this stuff. So I usually go HTML first and then it's like, it'll be like, okay, now I put the HTML file in your folder.  And I'm like, launch it for God's sakes. Like, don't make me go to the folder and like click on the HTML file, launch it in my browser.  So then now I put in my cloud file, my aggregate instructions. Whenever you create an HTML file for me, go ahead and launch it.  Because it was getting tedious always saying like, launch it, launch it, launch it, launch it. So the point of this is not to give you like every single little thing that you need to do, but that the general principle is when you're annoyed, feel free to express your frustration.  Claude Codes, a good way to fix it.

14:03 - Joseph Anderson
  Great. Thank you. I have two very small follow-ups from that because there is a lot in that answer. In the text or in the chat, Ben, posted this Claude.md is the file that you would create that would be sort of the meta instructions for Claude within that workspace.  Can I just ask Claude, like, hey, make a Claude.md file and, okay, great. That's how you would approach that.  Start everything in HTML, crystal clear. As I was looking at the files it produced, it actually did, like, code a JPEG of each slide of the PowerPoint and then install a new software to add it to PowerPoint instead of actually working directly in PowerPoint.  So I see exactly what you're saying with Word. And then will interrupting the process stop it from going on?  Because there was a moment where I wanted to ask, why is it taking so many requests? But, for example, if I were to do that in ChatGPT, it would stop the initial work and I would have to restart it.  So. So. Does interrupting a process with a question stop the longer process from happening in the background? Can it reply without interrupting the workflow?

15:09 - diego espinosa
  Okay. Okay. It won't stop. Yeah. Okay.

15:12 - Joseph Anderson
  Excellent. Thank you very much. Those were really- interrupt.

15:15 - diego espinosa
  And it'll be like, what's up? And then you just be like, you know, that kind of thing. Excellent.

15:20 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  The amount of times I've done, just you, all caps wait, because I think I've done something wrong. And then it would go stop and be like, okay, what's up?  And then I go, then I reply and I go, I'm really sorry. I made a mistake. Please continue. And I'll be able to carry on.  One thing I just wanted to add as well is when you're in a session or a project, Floyd will sometimes ask you to either press enter to complete a request, or it will say control enter to basically allow it to complete any of those exact types of processes.  So if the process, for example, is to edit a HTML file, if you press control enter, So when it does that request, it will do that for all of the times it will want to edit an HTML file.  This is something I do relatively sparingly just because I just want to make sure that when I give it the permissions to automatically do a process, I want to be comfortable about that process.  I know that it can run every time without me kind of being too cautious, but that's just another way.  And then finally, Joseph, you didn't do a teeny quick intro as you asked your questions, so I think if you're able to do that for the group, that would be lovely.

16:31 - Joseph Anderson
  Yeah, thanks. Thank you. I had that same impulse, by the way, to be like, wait, this should have been HTML and I'm sure that would have saved me like 50 clicks.  But yes, hi everyone. My name's Joseph. I'm, my background has been in sustainability more from an environmental science perspective, but the last five or so years has been pretty heavy on developing standardized methods.  We for ecosystem services, climate resilience, nature-based solutions, so everything beyond carbon that we don't really have strong metrics for.  Right now I work at a startup called Hive Tracks Bio. We use beehives as biosensors and it comes alongside an app that we're building that can allow anyone to collect auditable decision-grade environmental data.  My job is to build the systems on the back end that can transform all these different data pieces into dashboards, reporting, and sort of nature-based KPIs.  So how do we get biodiversity and nature-conditioned natural capital as accessible as carbon emissions when it comes to ESG, TNFT reporting, that type of thing.  Yeah, thanks everyone. Excited to meet y'all.

17:48 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Thank you so much. And Michaela, think you're next for the question.

17:54 - Michaela Hepburn
  Thanks, Ben. Hi everybody. I'm Michaela Hepburn. For ... For the past decade, I've worked in the apparel industry, I launched and built Fanatics sustainability program.  Fanatics is the largest licensed sports company in the world. They do everything from apparel manufacturing, e-commerce, in-venue, retail, for teams and leads in major sporting events.  They also have a memorabilia and collectibles division, and also into sports betting and gaming. I'm now exploring my next adventure, kind of at the intersection of sustainability and sport and corporate supply chains.  So really excited to be here to understand how... To leverage AI to be a force for good in that space, as some of you in your work may know, you know, the regulatory space has been incredibly volatile, especially for the apparel industry over the past couple of years, so really interested to see, too, how AI could support from a reporting and disclosure perspective.  Um, in terms of my questions, I don't have too many questions on actually using Claude itself, which seems weird because I usually have 101 questions.  Um, I'll say the, the only, it was, it was very clear and seamless for me to, to iterate and ideate the, the format of, um, the presentation itself and actually run it, um, and give Claude feedback.  I did go back, I did a bit of a rabbit hole in terms of, um, perfecting some, some more visual.  can No. No. No. Aspects of the presentation, um, which was helpful to understand how to be super clear with prompts, um, what I'll say, or I guess I'll, I'll ask a couple questions, one is, in terms of the presentation itself, um, the, the current version of the presentation that I have is in totality about 17 slides, but I think you mentioned, we only have five minutes, um, to present.  So is there, in terms of the length of the presentation, um, is there kind of guidance in how long it should, should be?  I'll, stop there and I have a few more questions, but.

20:43 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, I don't, um, if I said five minutes, it's simply maybe because we, we have a lot to get through in the demo session, but don't worry much about that.  Um, okay. I did once have to like do startup pitches to accelerators that were four minute pitches, so it does happen.  Okay. I hopefully get a little bit longer that. But I think that the main thing is to create the proposal that you really would want to send to a client, that's the main, that's the main thing, like use your judgment, like a lot of what we're doing here is basically exercising our own judgment, and allowing AI to also exercise some judgment, but we're the final words.  Okay, great.

21:21 - Michaela Hepburn
  And then the other question I had was associated with the assumptions we should make about Sarah, who's the COO, her level of understanding of ESG.  She leads ESG, but she also leads a host of other functions within the firm. So even basic things like understanding what's included across scope one, two, and three, or understanding the regulatory landscape that the portfolio companies under the, or the companies within their portfolio may or may not be subjected to.  Do we have creative liberty there? Or do we need to capture our assumptions? Or should we assume that, you know, she has minimal understanding?

22:08 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, I mean, I think, I think go with, again, this is like a judgment issue. And basically, one thing is to, to remember, like in any consulting situation, is to as much as possible, put yourself in her shoes.  So, um, given that she's not an ESG professional, like how does she perceive value from these things?

22:31 - Michaela Hepburn
  Right. Um, and, and at what level is that value going to be perceived?

22:34 - diego espinosa
  So these are some of the things that kind of like take into account, um, when, when doing the proposal, I guess that's the way I would put it.  Okay. So how do you put yourself in the shoes of somebody you barely know anything about? I guess that's part of the trick.  Yeah, I've, and, and Claude was actually helpful with that.

22:51 - Michaela Hepburn
  was, I was kind of bouncing ideas off of Claude in terms of, you know, this is her profile. What do you think will be helpful?  Sean. for for her to understand. And also to trying to, from a regulatory perspective, see if Claude could dive into the folder and see, do we know, for these portfolio companies, do we know their geographical footprint?  And as a result, what types of regs? Are they going to be exposed to EU regs? Or should we assume, based off of the name of the company, that it's only US-based, like Patriot staffing?  So, so Claude was really helpful with that. But, yeah, I just wanted to ask those questions.

23:33 - diego espinosa
  Awesome. Thanks. Thank you.

23:37 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Perfect. Surabhi, are you happy to answer next?

23:42 - Surabhi
  Thanks, Ben. Hey, I'm Surabhi, out of Seattle. I work with WSB USA as a climate change consultant focused on physical and transition risk assessments and adaptive planning.  And also do a bit of GHG and transition planning work. And I sort of... I exploring CloudCode for developing the deck yesterday, and at a high level, I'm just trying to understand the difference between co-work versus CloudCode.  We are specifically, we are using CloudCode for this program, but just trying to see if there are certain capabilities within CloudCode, which are not there in co-work, which we are trying to leverage.  Yeah, just trying to understand what the differences are.

24:31 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, CloudCode, the approach there is a little bit more package skills and pre-packaged things for you to do, that AI can do for you.  And so that's why I don't mean to be like pejorative to the CloudCode co-work product managers, but basically it's like training wheels for some of the stuff that we're doing.  Because what we want to do is invent from scratch, rather than basically say, oh, I need these. So you makan сп  Pre-packaged set of skills.

25:01 - Mariah
  So that's the main difference, I think. Okay. Perfect.

25:05 - Surabhi
  Thank you.

25:10 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Dylan.

25:12 - Dylan Mayer
  Hi, everybody. It's so nice to be taking this course with everybody. My name is Dylan Mayer. I'm based in Boston.  I am the head of sustainability at a software company called Braze. We're a publicly traded company since like 2022, but I've only been in this role for about two years.  Before that, for the previous four years, I was leading global sustainability strategy at Verizon. So I am taking this course to really figure out how I can utilize AI to expand my sustainability team of one, which you guys are all looking at.  So a lot of work and not a lot of people. So hoping Claude will help me in my day to day corporate sustainability work.  So great to meet everybody. I have an incredibly rudimentary question that makes me feel really stupid. should only take a second.  When I go into Claude, I'm just having a little bit of an issue connecting to the folder. So when I go into Claude and I go into code and then I hit the plus button and I go add files or folders, Claude projects does show up, but I can't like open it and connect it because there's no files within that broader file.  Does that make sense?

26:25 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Yes, that does make sense. So if you're clicking on the plus button that's kind of showing up next to the chat, that's actually asking for you to add files that are outside of the Claude projects folder.  So this is going to be when you're adding, for example, the image files and the files that I'd sent over previously in that email.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/606146469?timestamp=1604.56207  When you're wanting to connect to the Claude projects folder to work within it, you actually go underneath that plus button and you click on that kind of toggle that Diego is showing.  So the bottom toggle is where you're selecting the folder you're going to work within, but then if you want to add the folders that I sent over via email, you would use that plus button to the left, or you can actually go directly into your file explorer, or I forget what it's called exactly in Mac, and pull the five folders that I sent via email and drop them directly into the Claude project folder.  Oh, okay, cool.

27:29 - Dylan Mayer
  I think I can, I think that's an easy fix then.

27:32 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Yeah, it is a little bit confusing though, those two kind of duplicate versions of folder access. Also very happy to, you know, send me any screenshots of anything you're finding difficult as well, but hopefully that explanation can help you get the folders that I sent by email into your Claude projects folder so that you can work on them.

27:55 - Dylan Mayer
  Okay, great. Thanks, Ben. I'll test it out right now. And if I have any issues, I'll shoot you a note.

27:58 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  better. Thank you. Perfect. Martin, please.

28:05 - Martin Bernstein
  Hi. Thanks. Can everyone hear me well? Great. Okay. So, one super interesting, just for background, I'm a former environmental marine scientist who's been a banker now for 25 years, thinking about how to start doing more with nature finance.  Since I'm doing this kind of on my own, I thought, huh, let's see if Claude can be a good assistant for me.  And so far, so good. So, with that in mind, and having had some previous discussions with the team at Kith, I'm making some changes to the exercise, as it were, and I actually asked Claude to do this.  I asked it to literally change the profile of Kith, of our consulting company, and the ask from... from the rich point, right, to add this biodiversity flavor to it, gave it some instructions and back and forth, and it did an amazing job of doing this, right?  I was really, I was quite impressed. It went well beyond my prompts to do something useful. But obviously, this is the simple part, right?  Just changing those profiles. Obviously, next stage, I will have to, you know, your data isn't going to include the stuff I will need for this.  And in the exposition, I'll show a little bit of what the actual changes were made and how this has affected the proposal deck.  But, so I gather I should be able to help, Claude should be able to help with creating the necessary data.  But I'm just, you know, wondering, will you be able to provide a little guidance on this? Because this is going be a lot bigger than just, you know, changing two files.  going to happen to do pretty whole, you know, reporting structures. And I have a feeling Claude will be able to handle this relatively well, given what I've seen.  But hopefully, I'll be able to get some guidance and pointers on.

30:01 - diego espinosa
  I guess two things, Martin, because this is going to come up for other people as well. I think there's latitude in the program for customizing data.  I would do it a little bit later in the process. I think it's important to just get started with the simulation as is.  And the reason for that is basically that, you know, while you may be able to kind of get ahead of yourself, because creating data is a really interesting thing to do, it's also like a lot of different moving pieces.  So that would be my suggestion, you know, wait a bit longer before that step, because in the meantime, you'll be able to compare better to other people, how you did and things like that, staying on the same wavelength for just a bit.  So I think that in terms of data creation, it's a topic that I plan on getting to a little bit later.  All of us are capable of creating data. Like, that's the crazy thing about it is that asking cloud code to  create data is amazingly powerful. Like it's so good at creating data. So good at it. And I'm so happy to introduce those tips and things later.  But just know that essentially, even the intellectual kind of like collaboration that it takes to create data around something is really interesting.  And so I want to say that it's an exciting thing to do as someone who's done it a lot.

31:25 - Martin Bernstein
  And I would just ask to wait a little bit if that makes sense, Mark. Yeah, makes sense. And one other quick thing.  How do you stop Claude from just like, forgetting silly things like making a new version of the deck and just leaving out two slides for no reason you pointed out and it fixes it, but right if it could just do that first place?  That's a good question.

31:45 - diego espinosa
  I think I think here in the spirit of the collaboration we're talking about is a good thing to do is just to say, hey, I noticed you left some things out.  And just be kind of like, let it, don't say anything else. let's take You See how it comes back and responds to that.  This is the kind of like clever psychological tricks that we use with clock code is basically to just understand it better.  Sometimes saying less is more. Like, hey, noticed that the deck was even just not even pinpointing slides. I noticed the deck was incomplete.  See if it'll come back and go like, oh, you're right, I missed two slides. And then you could say something like, can we create some instructions so that that doesn't happen again?

32:32 - Martin Bernstein
  Yeah. It's like training a junior animal, I suppose.

32:35 - diego espinosa
  It could be like, oh, yeah, I can create that for you. What's crazy about cloud code is that, and this is something that takes a little bit getting used to, guys.  It can be brilliant and stupid in the same conversation. Like, usually we don't deal with that when we deal with intelligence.  You could say to somebody, to cloud code, like, do this and I'll do like a... And then you'll be like, why did you do a bad job?  it'll be like, oh, I think this and this happened. Create instructions so that you do a better job going forward.

33:08 - Martin Bernstein
  And those instructions will be brilliant. Like, it doesn't happen with interns. Right?

33:15 - diego espinosa
  So this is part of the kind of like learning process of dealing with it.

33:19 - Martin Bernstein
  Awesome. Thank you.

33:20 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  And I just wanted to add a few things there because I was actually having a conversation with somebody in the program today and they had an issue whereby Claude had made a mistake regarding a placement of a temporary folder.  And we were conversing about what the issue could have been. And then they replied by saying, oh, I just asked Claude what happened.  And Claude replied with completely fair point. Apologize for that. And this happens relatively often where you might identify an issue.  Claude will reply with a kind of reason or justification. And that's when you then look to add information to your Claude MD.  we don't don't or to your ReferenceMD files. And these ClaudeMD and ReferenceMD files are kind of going to be the the gold dust and the the IP you create with Claude code.  We won't go into it and we might go into it in a little bit more detail today. But again, as Diego mentioned, these files can have a lot of the core infrastructure and contextual understanding that Claude uses.  So a ClaudeMD file is read every single time Claude starts a session. So it has to read that file before it starts anything, before it reads your first message.  So that can give it instructions that can determine pieces of that conversation that you have with it before you've even started that first message.  So it's something that I recommend everybody creating. Normally Claude does it itself when it first starts off and working in a new folder, it will create that ClaudeMD file almost automatically.  So check if you've had it, if you've had it created. If it's already been created, open it up and give it a read.  It will be written in Markdown, so plain text, and you can start to understand what Claude code is absorbing as context before you even start that conversation.  And if there's a mistake and you identify it and you say, okay, please, can we make sure that doesn't happen again?  It might write a note within that Claude MD file saying, make sure to use this approach. Or it might create a full reference file, which is about a more detailed process.  But just wanted to start seeding these ideas around Claude MD files and reference MD files. And I see a few more questions coming through in the chat regarding those.  So maybe actually, shall we quickly answer those MD questions, Diego? And then, Mariah, I you have a question as well.

35:50 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, so I would say the MD files on Mac, I use text editor, think it's called, text edit. edit, there's And, and then, have can see see  It's in Windows that is called something slightly different. Textetic pulls it with its own, let me see, will pull the weird formatting with these hashtags and things like that.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/606146469?timestamp=2170.990031  They're basically, this is very quick formatting that if I pull up what's called a rich text editor, it will format it.  I don't actually ever do that, because I've just gotten used to looking at these. But you can ask cloud code, is there a rich text editor I can access, a rich text?  Is there something I can use to pull up MD file, markdown files in rich text? And then it will basically pull them up so that they look really nice.  It does, you know, some people will be like, I don't like this. Like, what's all this stuff here? But you can kind of get used to it.  It's funny, because our dev is like, I only look at things in markdown. Like, I never open things in Word.  So it's just kind of like, you know, it's, it's a little. So don't A little bit of pain point, but I think you can kind of, like, make it work, if that makes sense.  In terms of CloudMD files, Danny's question, which is a good one, we will be examining, once you get your simulated environment, it will have some reference markdown and a Cloud markdown file in it, and part of what we're going to do on Monday is get a sense of, like, what's in the simulated environment.  How is it structured? What kind of data is in it? Why is it there? What does it look like?  And so next week really is a lot about, like, next week deliverables is mostly about exploring that data and being able to understand what's there rather than producing work, because that's how important it is to take a whole week and really understand how CloudCode accesses data and the organization of these reference files, Danny, and the purpose of the CloudMD file.  So, to answer your question, like, people say there are best practices for CloudMD files, and there's tons of stuff you can read on that, but personally, and...  this is my personal approach to almost everything with regards to AI, it's going to get sick of me saying it, is that the reason why we're in cloud code and not co-work is because we're here to develop our own ideas about these things.  And by we, I mean you. You're here to develop your own ideas about these things. Whereas in co-work, it's basically like, just give it to me and I'm going to use it.  Um, and I, I think that it's more powerful to be able to kind of like develop your own intuition and practices around them.  So that's part of what we'll be doing.

38:36 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Perfect. Mariah, do you be able to ask your question, please? I think you're still on mute. Sorry.

38:48 - Mariah
  Thanks. I've asked some questions in the chat, but this is a, um, a different question. So hi everyone. I'm Mariah Levin.  I run Be Visioneers, the Mercedes-Benz Fellowship, which is a global fellowship program. For young people ages 16 to 28 who want to drive planet positive or, you know, environmentally friendly businesses around the world.  So I'm trying to understand how they could leverage AI and I'm sure they know how to do it better than I do, but I've got to keep above the curve in any case.  So I think my question is mainly I I'm assuming it's relatively an intuitive answer, but Diego, Ben, I'm trying to understand, you know, how would an output what differentiates outputs across cloud cloud code?  For example, I have seen assignments where students come back, you know, with the same name of a company like they're trying to put together a company and they all come up with the same exact name.  Obviously, they've used AI. How will we? If you can to were As a cohort, make sure to differentiate our products with this same assignment.  I'm assuming it's based on the questions that we ask, how they're different from one another, we're bringing our experience to bear, but I'd love to hear a little bit about your philosophy on that.

40:17 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, that's such a fantastic question. And by the way, naming with LLMs with AI models is such a weird thing, because it'll come up with the same names every time.  Like, it's crazy. I don't know why it does that. You know, Sarah Chan, David Kim, like I even know these people by now.  So, I think the main thing to understand about LLMs, and they give you like a crash course in large language models right now, it's going to take about like two minutes.  Large language models are trained on vast amounts of data, billions of data points. And what they do is they derive patterns from that data.  From that data. data. From And they store those patterns. So in a sense, when you're interacting with LLMs, you're not interacting with the data, you're interacting with the pattern.  So what happens is that they'll give you the most common patterns back if you just say, give me the thing, me, give me, do it for me.  And then it'll just basically give you like, oh, okay, this is the way it's done. And then, so it's no surprise that all the students come back with like, this is the way it's done, right?  So the interaction that we have with LLMs is to bring our, what I call, encoded local context, the things that we know that the, that it doesn't know, the things that create salience for us, like in my particular situation, the way that I think about things, this is what's relevant to me.  And, and in the past, this used to be called prompt engineering, but it's like such a flat discipline, it's like prompt it right and you'll get the right response.  No, no, no, here we're talking about like all the data that you bring to the table, the interaction that you have with it in a collaborative way in the prompt window.  Your judgment, your veto power, all of those things that come to the table. And what it does is it pushes the pattern-seeking, the pattern-seeking, away from the mainstream.  And this is the amazing thing about dealing with cloud code over time is that you feel more powerful. It's empowering rather than subtracting from your power because you're like, I am the one who steers where to go search for stuff.  Over just the vast amounts of patterns that you have available to you, I'm the one who determines where you go find stuff and how you look for it.  So I hope that answers your question. Awesome.

42:44 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  I just wanted to add a little bit of context to the other question you asked regarding the Word document for these kind of rules for cloud.  And the reason why the cloud, I often call it the cloud empty file. I guess sometimes calls it the cloud file.  easier actually But effectively, it has to have a specific name and file type so that the software of Claude Code automatically reads it.  So if you were to call it Claude2.md, Claude would actually think of it as just a normal file and wouldn't read it as the instructions.  If you had a Word document which was called, even if the Word document was called ClaudeMD, but it was a Word doc, Claude wouldn't automatically read it at the start of the session.  That's why, for that specific piece of infrastructure, that Claude2.md file, it has to have a very specific naming convention so that it's automatically read when you start.

43:37 - Mariah
  And will we create those MD files? Sorry, just, or is that not a problem?

43:42 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, okay. We're, well, okay, so we are going to have one for, that is going to be contained in your environment that we're going to show you on Monday.  There will be one there. But I think that it's very important to kind of, like, take a look at that and say, because you're going to be down.  Downloading this to your individual computer. And over time, you'll be asking yourself, like, do I want to put something there?  Like that kind of stuff. So you'll have the freedom to do that. So we, we did have a starting point for a lot of these things.  But, but it's just a starting point, you all can can adjust it.

44:23 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. So we've answered all of the, the first round of questions. Maybe more questions have come up. Maybe people have other topics that they're interested in.  So even if it's a topic such as, Diego, please talk in more detail about LLMs, or how do we kind of apply these topics to sustainability and some of the kind of environmental or ethical considerations, any types of questions.  Please please feel free to raise your hand. We can go back to more of the technical stuff on onboarding.  Again, we've got a little bit of time left. So please feel free to, to, to utilize the opportunity within, within the session.  Perfect. Jason?

45:04 - Joseph Anderson
  Yeah, this is just a very minor question, but for the intent of the Friday, like, workshop, are we more presenting our pitch decks like as if we're actually pitching to the client?  Are we more showing the pitch deck and talking through our process of relating to cloud code?

45:23 - diego espinosa
  I would say a little bit of a combination of both. So I don't mean that everyone's going to, like, pitch that, like, please don't get that impression.  It's more that, basically, we kind of, like, summarize or synthesize what the pitch is, right? So, like, I think we can do these kinds of works for the clients.  But, like, let's think about it. Like, it's supposed to be a six-week engagement. Like, how long is it really going to take, you know?  Like, one question the client might have is, like, well, if you're using cloud code for this, like, couldn't you just do it in, like, a week?-すご固icism crossbar.  the point DVR, you. That's a reasonable question to ask. I don't mean to answer these questions for you. I mean to propose that they might come up for you and for the client.  Picture yourself talking to the client. What it is that you're pitching you own. I want to all like, this is such an important thing like to, and by the way, we had a cohort before, which is not around cloud code, but around making agentic apps.  And what I want to say is that the main, main thing that you're here to do, and I probably mentioned this on Monday and we'll repeat it again, is that you're, you're here to determine whether the work that's being done by cloud code in your local context is valuable.  Okay. There's only one determinant of that. And it's you. It's not, you know, me and Ben and I, it's not like anyone else.  And, and so basically if, if, if cloud code is like, Oh, here's the And you're like, that doesn't sound so revolutionary.  That's your job to make it more kind of like revolutionary, right? So some of things that I've discovered is that cloud code has the intelligence to practically do any task within like 15 minutes.  So it would be a reasonable thing to ask, what are going to do the rest of the time? Right?  If you're the consultant. So, you know, kind of like maneuvering around things like that and navigating those questions takes a lot of imagination.  So that's one of the things that I could say that is the most underrated thing in AI is the human imagination.  Okay. Use it freely. Use it freely. Great.

47:46 - Joseph Anderson
  Yeah. It sounds like I'll take the time that I have available for this. I'll focus more on relating to cloud code than rehearsing my in my type five.  Cool. Thank you. Thanks.

48:00 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Thank you so much. Martin.

48:02 - Martin Bernstein
  Yeah, in terms of like publicly accessible datasets and how Cloud accesses them, are there particular character and obviously paywall datasets are questions.  I get that. But if those publicly accessible databases are available through like a GUI where you select dates and which data items you want, can it do it?  If it's stored in an Excel file online, can access that. What are the parameters for what Cloud can do in that space?

48:33 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, course.

48:36 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  There's a number of ways that Cloud code can collect data. One of the kind of main ways and the ways that you're going to be interacting with it in the most context is actually as training data.  So this is trained on all publicly available previous data and is a huge and very valuable dataset. There's other ways to get more up to date data or more specific data.  So if you're using Cloud... It also has the web search function, and it can pull directly from websites. You could share the URL of a specific site where you would like data from, and that's when it's a little bit more specific in terms of the data it collects.  A big part of the program that we'll be looking at later on is the use of APIs. So an API is effectively a tool that you can use to request or receive data from an external source.  This could be a piece of software, or it could be a data set. So for example, the EPA has an API key, if I'm not mistaken, and you could connect to that publicly.  And then you can talk to ClaudeCode and say, okay, can you please pull this type of data from this API?  And ClaudeCode will be able to understand the context around that API, what it is, how it works, what's the kind of...  what is the common language used to communicate with that, and then it can pull data in and out for you.  So we have the web search function, we have the... The API key function, and then we also have the core training data, and those three together can work in tandem, they can work slightly separately, but those are the three main ways that you can get publicly available data.  Privately available data is also commonly done through an API key, but they're only going to give you an API key that works once you've obviously paid the price, depending on what it is.  So that's a common way to understand the different pieces of data entry, apart from, of course, you uploading it yourself from an Excel spreadsheet you have internally or a data set that you've created.  So those are the ones in my head, Diego.

50:40 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, we're going to talk more about this next week, because next week's the data week, but also I wanted to mention that you can ask cloud code for publicly available, now a type of standardized API is called an MCP.  I don't know why they chose to call it something different, but you can, you can actually ask cloud code.  Hey, are there any publicly available. And it will search online. Yeah, found one. Here it is. Do you want me to access it?  Again, this is why open-ended collaboration with Cloud Code is the best mode of being. Because it's almost like I have a hunch that you can actually do this for me.  And sometimes it will be like, oh, no, I can't do that. And you'll be like, are you sure? And you know what?  I can do it. Yeah. checked again, and I can do it. So, like, I get this stuff all the time.

51:32 - Martin Bernstein
  Yeah. I tried to get Claude to organize my LinkedIn contacts, but it said I had to log, download the data first before I could do that.

51:40 - diego espinosa
  You know, you can do it. There's a way you can do it. There's a, if you do Playwright, so this is something I was also going to introduce.  If you basically say install Playwright for me, and I think it's play, I don't know how write is spelled.  Um, but Playwright will allow Cloud Code to control your, uh, any. Playwright. So, Cloud Code uses Playwright to go to your LinkedIn, look at your contacts, then potentially grab your contacts from your LinkedIn.  It might take a long time because it's actually browsing the web, but know that that's a possibility. Some people use Playwright or Cloud in Chrome, which doesn't work as well, to shop on Amazon.  They'll be like, find me these things, go in there, you know, here's my My credit card paid for it.  Like, I haven't done that, but like people, people do do that.

52:35 - Martin Bernstein
  Thank you. Really appreciate it.

52:39 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Thank you, Ashlyn. Ashlyn, sorry. Yeah.

52:43 - ashlynanderson
  Hi, I'm Ashlyn. I also had questions about data and really excited to dig into that next week. But since I have my hand up, well, first I'm Ashlyn.  I work at Stantec as a sustainability consultant, right now embedded with Meta's system. I'm team and doing a lot on data center, climate risk and resilience, and Ben, in our interview, you were talking to me a little bit about the evolution of Kith Consulting, your decision to kind of go with Claude Code, so I'm interested in, maybe in the vein of like LLM pontificating, like why Claude Code is superior and whether you see that changing in, you know, six months or however long.

53:37 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, so, so Claude Code is the first workflow complete architecture for non-technical users, big words flying around. What that means is basically that you can use Claude Code to actually output whatever it is you're trying to do through its control of the computer.  Claude? It's ability to output actual files to put in folders. winners. It on its control that you're allowing it where it actually controls your compute.  It can directly communicate with your computer and tell it what to do. And so that's how it can create HTML code or different kinds of files.  And that's why you can say rearrange my folders and clean them up and all this stuff, because it's as if it were a developer at the command line and has that command of your computer.  It makes it especially useful. So when you put together Opus 4.6, which is a really smart model, the agents that they have to complete work and then this control of the computer, what it results in is like a circular loop where you could say, like, grab a file, figure this out, do this work, create another file, put it in the folder.  And so that's a complete cycle of work is what I refer to it as. In three months, everyone will have it.  And I think this architecture will be here to stay. But Cloud Code was just the first to come out with it.

55:00 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Thank you. And I think the interesting part here as well is that Claude and Anthropic as the actual kind of LLM powering it can change.  So for example, in some systems I use, I actually plug in EU router with GreenPT so that the LLMs are coming from their sustainable privacy friendly servers, but utilising the infrastructure that Anthropic was able to innovate by creating through Claude code.  So the operating system is definitely going to be safe. That's the one that Diego mentioned in three months, everyone will be using it.  But the actual LLM powering it can actually be adjusted and will change depending on the forefront models or models that have specific training sets.  So it's going to be a very interesting space to see which of these models you end up using within this core operating system.  But thank you for the question. Joseph, I see you have raised your hand again, please. Yeah, thanks, guys.

55:54 - Joseph Anderson
  This is really interesting conversation. So I keep getting new questions. I thought that... The Playwright tool that you mentioned sounds really cool.  And I have a, I'm actually going on a road trip this weekend, so I have a lot of time just sitting in my car.  And I'm wondering if there's like a library of like plugins or tools or something like Playwright that I could just peruse in my free time for some inspiration.

56:18 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, what I always do, because I change all the time, is I ask about code. What are some of the tools, the work that I'm supposed to do that you can find for me?  And it used to say puppeteer. But now it's playwright. So who can keep track of all these things? In terms of skills, like slash skills, it also has a library of those that you can use.  I don't tend to use skills because I'm always like a build your own type of person. But they're there, you can explore them and see if any of them, you know, kind of like are useful to you.  But the best way to find out about like what's out there and what, and then you could basically say to cloud code, please install it for me.  Right. And then, and then it'll be installed for your, for your use. So I could do that because again, Yeah.  Thank it controls the computer. So that's why it can do these installs.

57:05 - Joseph Anderson
  Cool, thank you. Yeah, I'm sure tons of my questions will just be asked CloudCode as the answer, but appreciate your help.

57:14 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  You'll also see there's a native button in the kind of where you're typing in on CloudCode where it will say, I think it says connectors or maybe plugins.  You can also just look there for some examples, but I've got a few links that have hundreds and hundreds of MCPs, tools, skills, so you can start understanding kind of what's out there.  But in general, again, personally, as well as Diego, I rarely use too many direct plug-ins. I'm more Ask CloudCode, Converse, and then find out what's going to be the most up-to-date tooling and then integrate that into the workflow.

57:52 - Joseph Anderson
  Cool. Yeah, it just comes back to the imagination piece. All right. Thank you.

57:58 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Excellent. Well, we're coming... Close to the hour. We've answered a huge amount of questions, so really happy with what we've been able to cover today.  there any final questions that anyone has before we finish up? I've got a few things that I'm going to mention regarding community before we close off, but just wanting to make sure that we have everyone's questions answered.  Perfect. So what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be sending round an email after this session, which is going to contain two resources, or, well, two resources merged into one link.  The first of which is just going to be a poll selecting a time that the most amount of people in the cohort would be available for one of these community sessions.  It's just going to be at an hour of light networking, less Claude Code focus, but just the opportunity for you guys to meet each other in a more casual context.  One of the options is going to be this Saturday at 9am Pacific time. The other option is going to be next Thursday, because a lot of you or the vast majority are working professionals.  So we didn't know whether the weekend or the midweek session would work the best. And then the second resource is we're going to be creating a kind of dashboard or a hub for all of you to enter your own personal details, your career insights, your LinkedIn, a profile photo, just so that you all within the community have access to the other community members for connections.  It's a huge amount of opportunity for collaboration within the different organizations you're involved in. So we want to provide that as a URL for you to upload your details and then be able to view the other cohort participants.  So that's it from me, Diego, love to hand over to you.

59:36 - diego espinosa
  Ben will probably make an app to do that so that you can.

59:41 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  I am. Yeah.

59:43 - diego espinosa
  And so that'll be use cloud code to make an app, like make an app for me that'll collect all the pictures and bios and blah, blah, blah.  And then like, boom, the cloud code will probably do it in a few minutes, but it'll look really impressive.  Ben will pretend that he coded the whole thing. So yeah, that's, that's how we roll. The cloud code session is all

1:00:00 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  It's running. Don't worry. Excellent. Well, take care, everyone. I'm going to be sending the recording over into the Discord and the recording actually is also going to be embedded in the application that I've just mentioned regarding community.

1:00:13 - Martin Bernstein
  So thanks all again for coming and looking forward to seeing everybody's demos on Friday. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.

1:00:22 - Temesgen Gebreyesus
  Thank you.

1:00:22 - ashlynanderson
  Thank you.

1:00:23 - Joseph Anderson
  Bye.