Impromptu Zoom Meeting - March 23
VIEW RECORDING - 57 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:00 - diego espinosa
  And what I mean by that is that the data that you needed for the project was just a few files.  So we onboarded, you created the folder, the user folder. We sent you some files to put in there. think there were like a total of five files, including the presentation that I had from last week.  And you took that and you essentially made a deliverable out of it. So it was a good way to kind of like start out light and get you collaborating with Cloud Code and also producing an important deliverable, which took a good deal of thought.  In my opinion. And I was really impressed with the demos. I mean, I thought that a couple of things that I noticed last week, and I might have mentioned this during the demo session.  And by the way, if you weren't there, I really recommend viewing the recording of it. You know, the things that I noticed was that it wasn't all the same.  It would have been a little boring, right, if everyone's pitch had been the same. And we would have, and that also might have sent some alarm bells ringing in our mind.  Like... I Well, what if AI just outputs the same work every single time, no matter what? Like, that's not very good, you know, because the clients would all be like, okay, I'm getting the same work from everyone.  You know, clearly this is the approximates AI slop when you get to that point. And so like, that didn't happen.  I didn't see any AI slop. I saw some really thoughtful presentations. I thought the different emphasis that each one had, maybe different dimensions that they added.  There were some similarities. Zoom dog. And I think he literally just licked the camera. But anyway, it might be a little foggy.  The, you know, I think that there was, I was very interested, you know, I definitely kept my interest as I saw these different takes that people had.  And you can tell that was because of the interaction with, that people were. having with Claude as it, as they, as they collaborated to produce these outputs.  So really successful week, in my opinion, and also what it did in this kind of cart before the horse approach is that it made you think about what you were committing to before you actually knew so much about it.  and hopefully that was like an interesting exercise for you because it made you think, like, do I really, and I heard this in the demos, do I really want to commit to this?  Is there really going to be enough time? Am I going to have the data to be able to do it?  And, and I always like to say the difference between a, when I was in consulting, the difference between a partner and a project leader or an engagement manager, which, where I, where I left consulting is that, like, a partner could walk walk into any kind of situation and pretty much know what they, what they, what should commit to.  Like, they, they had like this ability. and, and, and, and, and, Okay. In their mind to go like, oh, I see what's going on here, and I think it's going to take this many people and this many months and be like, oh, I can solve your problem in about three months.  It's going to cost you this much and blah, blah, blah. And like as a project leader, I had no idea of those things.  Absolutely not. So putting the cart before the horse, what it does is it forces all of us to think like partners.  It forces all of us to think like, oh, my gosh, OK, now it's the following Monday. Should I have committed to all that?  And so hopefully you're wondering and you're a little bit worried about whether that's the case and whether we can actually ship these deliverables in time to make the client happy.  And so we're going to find out, you know, we're going to find out week by week what that entails and how long it takes and all these different kinds of things.  I have a theory that once you once you create what I'm going to tell you about, which is a reference file for some for a task.  And you have data that is identifiable for that task that, I have to say this theory, 80 to 90% of tasks get completed by plot code in under 15 minutes.  Okay, it's a theory. It's definitely not empirically proven. I'm sure, you know, there are outliers, there's going to be outliers.  But I think for the vast majority of workflows, especially like any kind of analytical workflow, I just haven't seen it take longer for what I consider to be heavy lifting type of stuff.  And so, and part of the reason is because plot code can create agents. So I've seen it create 19 agents to do stuff in parallel.  And when you have that ability, just, it, the, the time consuming part is basically the type to plan the creation of those agents, the creation of the agents and stuff like that.  But assuming that. You have like N agents that you can create to handle tasks. You can make short work pretty much of anything.  So we'll see if this is the case as the weeks go on. We'll see if like, you know, we said five to seven hours and you're like, oh, well, that took 10 minutes.  We'll see. Right. That could be one possible outcome. And then the question obviously is like, what do I do for the rest of the time?  And I think there's plenty to keep you busy, believe me. So that's not going to be a concern. But it will be interesting to see how long cloud code actually takes to deliver on the first version of a task.  Right. I'm not saying the final version, but the first version of a task. So in this simulated environment, what we're trying to do is create skin in the game.  So we're all consultants. We want to have client ready deliverables. That's the objective for the cohort. That's the measuring stick, you know, for everyone.  It's like I want, and this is my personal. You know, measuring stick. Like I want everyone to leave here thinking.  You can create client-ready deliverables for your clients at the end of this six weeks of any sort. And I say clients in quotation marks because like the sustainability and climate people are inherently, mostly consulting roles.  You're whatever you want to call it, SME, internal consultant, you know, whatever. You're a person within an organization that's providing services to a lot of other people inside the organization and, of course, asking them for things.  So that's why consulting is such a useful frame for the kind of activity that we're doing. So when I say clients, you can replace that with stakeholders and everybody has stakeholders, right?  Okay, so that was, so week one, you all did it, you know, it was fantastic to watch, great, great output.  But, and so now we're going to start complicating things a lot more and in a good way. So we, in the simulation, we pitched the work.  A natural next step is to win the engagement. Imagine there's an email, you know, we decided to go with you.  We really liked your emphasis on the cloud code. And we're very curious to see what you produce from that.  We being Sarah and her operations team and investment team at now Northwood, because we changed the name because it was conflicting with some of that work that we were doing.  And we didn't want cloud code to get confused between the different versions of Ridgewood, of Ridgepoint. There's this funny thing about PE firms that you can just like alternate like nature things with colors, and then you get the names of PE funds and hedge funds.  So this is very much in keeping with that. Or, you know, maybe compass point. So here we are at Northwood, they've written back and accepted our proposal.  And by our, I mean your individual proposal. I want you to think about what you promised individually. We can't work as a team here because schedule.  Don't permit. Like we can't coordinate across people. As much as it would be really interesting and fun to do that, it's very, very difficult logistically.  So you're an individual consultant producing deliverables and your pitch has been accepted. Okay. So now you've got to deliver on the thing that you promised.  And so the first step is that the client has, in addition to accepting your pitch, has sent a whole bunch of data.  Okay. I don't know what I'll experience you all have with this first step of an engagement, but basically it just, it's just so, you know, it can vary so much.  It can vary from like, hey, you'd hardly send me anything. And, and the point person's like, oh yeah, you've got to contact every individual person and ask them for the data.  Uh, I don't have time to be like the funnel for you. There are other times where I'm, and it's just basically like massive data dump.  Here it is. You figure it out. Right. Right. And So every engagement can be different. This is a case where they've done a massive data dump.  They've basically invited you into their client files. I'm sorry, not their client files, their internal file. They've invited you into their internal files.  You've signed an MDAs and everything else. So they're not worried about you looking around, seeing things and everything else.  And so you've got, I think, a total of 227 files to look through. And those 227 files are going to include financial information because it's a private equity fund.  And that's what they do. And so they're going to have like a whole bunch of financial stuff going on because they buy and sell businesses.  And they're going to have some ESG stuff going on. And they're going to have stuff that maybe crosses those things.  Okay, but they've just said, here it is. You know, here's a copy of our internal files. on. Thank You start working on them.  Ben's going to be sending you that if he hasn't already, if you haven't received the email. And Ben, maybe you would just want to talk a little bit about like what that looks like.

10:12 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Yeah, of course. So what I'm going to be doing is I have the email basically ready to go. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to send it to all of you now or maybe Diego.  not sure if you wanted to do any more kind of pre-intro stuff before I do. But effectively what I'm going to be sending you all is a singular zip file.  And the way this zip file works is you'll download it. You will then move it into your KIP projects folder, just as you did with the content I sent you last week.  And once it's in there, you're going to unzip it. And this unzipping just means that all of the files internally will be kind of enriched so that you have all of the files that you need to within the system.  And it's 248 files now. think Diego said a little bit more than what you said. But again, it's going to be a lot.  A of files and a lot of data. That's then going to be inside your Claude Projects folder. What I recommend doing as well then is, you know, opening up a new session with Claude Code from that Claude Projects folder and then just asking it to merge across the files from week one into the Northwood Capital folder so that you have everything under Northwood Capital.  You can also just mention it to change the naming conventions as well, make sure the old files are connected to Northwood Capital rather than Bridgepoint.  It should be a very simple pullover for Claude Code to do. Then what you'll be looking at is a huge amount of files within the Northwood Capital folder, which I think Diego will probably do a little bit of a kind of live share of once we've done that process.  So if I'm all good to send over that email, we can then get going with everybody importing it and opening that zip file.  How does that sound? All good from you, Diego? Or is there anything else you'd like to cover before I send it over?

12:07 - diego espinosa
  No, I just wanted to mention that. So you'll be, because it also is going to be relevant to some of the stuff I'm going to be talking about.  So it's week two. You've gotten the data done. That's going to be sent to you in an email. And so now what?  Right? And so what I want to do is, we didn't do so much of this last week. So last week, we onboarded into Cloud.  And you were told that you, to create a folder, you're going to receive a few files in that folder.  You ran with it. It was amazing to see everyone complete the assignment. So this week, we're going to spend a little bit more time basically learning what Cloud Code is and what it does.  Because now to have a little bit more kind of like background, and I don't want to say theory, but like contextual knowledge around Cloud Code is going to be useful for you starting from now for this week, because you're going to be dealing with a lot of data.  And so I need to start kind of like framing, what are the different pieces of cloud code and how do they work together to produce the deliverables?  So you've already experienced some of this, but now I just want to give you kind of like a little bit of a frame of reference around it.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/611109338?timestamp=804.772456  And so I'm going to share my screen and let's see. Okay, so data. And this is really more than data, but data is kind of like the foundations that feel for cloud code.  And so we're going to talk about basically what cloud code looks like as a system. So how it sees processes and produces your work.  That's what you did last week. You saw some files, you process them and your intent, and you produce the deliverable.  And that rhythm, that pattern is going to just keep repeating and repeating and repeating every time you use cloud code.  So, So, yeah. And this, I'm going to get a little bit theoretical with you, just a little bit, okay?  I go to town on this stuff. I'm super nerd out on AI. Forgive me. I can sometimes get really philosophical about it.  If you want to have a philosophical conversation about what AI means, touching on human cognition, sociability, and computer science, DM me.  I'm always willing to have that. So there's what I call an atomic unit of AI. And so what that means, what atomic unit means is that it's indivisible.  If you have less than the atomic unit, it's not that thing. Okay? So this is a radical idea, a radical redefinition of what AI is.  It's not an LLM. It's a system by which humans get things done. And LLM is part of that system.  And so the system is composed of the things spinning around and wrapping everything. is the global inference. It's everywhere.  It's in everything we do. The global inference is AI that's trained on the majority of recorded human knowledge. I would say not the majority.  Virtually all, if not all, recorded human knowledge at this point. Okay. It's trained on it. And it basically identifies patterns.  And those patterns are encoded. All possible patterns are identified and encoded. And so when we use Claude, we search those patterns.  And Claude's going like, oh, this looks like this. Remember we talked about on Friday? I probably don't have encoded in my training data, actual data on climate consulting assignments and how long they take to do by Claude code.  Like, think about the recency of that. Am I going to find a pattern that says, oh, this is how long Claude code takes to do consulting assignments for climate?  I'm pretty sure it doesn't exist. Right? So it's got all of these patterns that it can search. Think of it as the search space.  And it goes like, what's most similar to this? What can I stitch together to answer this question? What patterns can I kind of aggregate?  And so this is how global inference works. Because it knows pretty much everything, and it knows pretty much all patterns, it can do things that we could just never come close to doing.  There is no human that does that. Okay? That's why global inference is so incredibly powerful. But it doesn't know what we know.  It doesn't know what is local to us, what we want, what we've experienced, the specific situation that we're in.  A lot of times what happens with AI is that we'll ask it to do something, and it'll come back, and we'll be like, that's not relevant.  You kind of missed it. You Right? And that's because clock code Looking at all these patterns in the abstract, it needs direction from you to really figure out how to conduct that search.  And so you provide the local context. What is local context? Basically everything that's local to you. Your data, your firm's data, the accumulated understanding of your firm and yourself as to how to get things done the best way possible.  And so all of that is organized in some way for AI to navigate. And this is a really, really important part of the whole thing.  Increasingly because of cloud code, like what you saw last week, is we can point cloud code to all the folders on your computer.  And now it has basically access to all of the encoded local context. So we can do these really powerful searches, but it knows kind of exactly what's going on in your company.  Isn't that cool? Right? So you can already start to see how these two things fit together in the system.  Then there's the company. Computational environment. How does Cloud Code actually get things done? How did it produce the HTML file?  It actually coded it on your computer. Because Cloud Code has control of your computer, it can actually get things done.  It's not just, hey, we're having a nice conversation. Isn't this interesting? It's more like, I need a deck. Please give me a deck.  Okay, that was great. All right. So the computational environment is what Cloud Code has command over. When we deal with Cloud or Gemini or ChatGPT, that doesn't happen.  That is the innovation that Anthropic came up with with Cloud Code, that it can basically marry these things. It can marry global inference, which is the Cloud Opus model or Sonnet model.  It can see your local context. It can actually control your computer to produce things. Right? And that's what we did last week.  The very first thing that we did was basically say, hey, Cloud, here's the Git file. Take control of my computer in a permissioned way.  Okay, now Claude can do work because of that. It's got this very, very powerful computational tool, which is everyone's laptop or computer, desktop computer.  And then finally, real-time human intelligence. That's your back and forth that you experienced last week. And I can't tell you how valuable this is.  So when you combine all four of these things, this is what I call AI adoption. If you're missing any one of them, it's not really AI adoption.  You're just kind of fooling around. Okay, so the significance of Claude code is that Claude code was the first real AI platform or tool that created the atomic unit.  That's why our team jumped on it. That's why you're using it. And that's where its power kind of like derives from.  So I just want to take a minute to kind of like paint that picture for you because when... When...  When... People at Anthropic are like, we just need to make smarter models and smarter models and smarter models. They can keep doing that all day long.  It's not the atomic unit. It's going to be missing if you don't have real-time human intelligence driving it, if you don't give it charge of a computer, and if you don't allow it to see your encoded local context.  It's just not going to matter that you keep making smarter and smarter models. And that's where we are today in AI adoption.  The vast majority of firms have much smarter models than they did six months ago. And what's happening? Practically nothing.  They're practically at a standstill. And in my opinion, they're at a standstill because they're not trying to create the atomic unit.  And yeah, it's also why so many approvals are needed when running something in cloud code because they see the encoded local context and also controls your computer.  So that's kind of a risky thing to do. Right. And compliance is not going to have something to say about that.  So that is an important. So, okay, so Cloud Code is the layer that basically accesses this encoded local context, all your structured, unstructured data and code all at once.  It processes, it finds those patterns, and then it produces documents, models, dashboards, and deliverables. This is what I call the workflow complete AI.  And you wrap your workflow inside of it, not the other way around. So your IP, and you started to see this, lives in Markdown.  Markdown is those text files that have like a weird, you know, they don't look very nice or anything, but they're like, if you look at the size of the file, they're like kilobytes.  Very, very live files. And computationally, what that means is the inference looks at them like that. And if it has to look at that.  Word file, it's got to go look at all the formatting stuff that's in there and try to make sense of it and ignore it.  And Markdown. Markdown. Markdown files don't have that. So that's the reason why Markdown files, Markdown, it's just a way to kind of like create text files.  So the main Markdown file is, the overarching one is the clodmd file, where it's basically, this is what you wanted to check every single time it does something.  It reads this file first. So think of it like hierarchically as these are your principal, principal instructions. Now you don't want to cram a textbook in there.  So the clodmd file can reference other reference files, but it's the central point that it goes to. You know that it's going to check that first, so whatever you definitely want it to do needs to go in the clodmd file.  Then you have these reference md files, and this, you can create any number of these. And then, when you do something with clod code, and you're like, wow, that was really good, that produced a great deliverable, write it down so next time we know what to do, and create a file.  And then, the next time you do something. You'll would be like, hey, check that reference file. Okay, I know exactly what to do.  It totally short-circuits the workflow. Because you're starting de novo in your consulting work, you're not going to have, and we have some examples, but you won't have created any yet.  So we want you to go through the process of creating workflows and then encode them in reference files. Say to Claude, hey, in my user folder in Northwood, I want you to create a reference file so that the next time we do this, we do it well.  And see what it creates and actually assess how good it is in your opinion. Because the next time and the next time and the next time, this is what it's going to be referring to.  So in our company, or like in the full version of Northwood or Ridgepoint, I've created maybe two dozen reference files.  And everything that happens in that environment can be guided by it, but we strip them out. Because it would be cheating to give them to you.  Okay? Want you to create your own. Because if you don't create your own, you don't have that experience of doing so.  And this is where your IP goes. It's what you want to do. This cloud code, add reference files as you're going along.  You can, okay, so here's a great example. In Cloud MD, you could say every time you think we do something really significant, create a reference file for it and put it in this folder.  Or you could be like, I don't want you cluttering stuff up. I'm going to tell you when something's a reference file or not.  Everyone's going to have their own way of organizing these things. You can start down the road, and then you can basically say to cloud code, hey, go see how all these things are organized.  Do have suggestions for me? Because it's starting to look like spaghetti, and I don't know what's going on. Right?  So this is how we're starting to deal with this IP of organizing and creating and collaborating in order to kind of create it.  To create it for any consulting firm, a reference file. Represents their intellectual property, because it's like, this is the way we do things, as opposed to other people, okay?  This is what makes us different. That's why this is such an important piece of it. Taylor, do you, okay, skill files are reference files with training wheels, okay?  Skill files are basically Entropic's way of going to people and saying, like, you just don't need to know anything.  Use, like, slash, do this thing for me, and you do it. We're not doing training wheels. We're building stuff from the ground up.  What do you want to be in that reference file? Because it's important to the way that you work and what makes you different than everyone else.  So we don't want to turn that into, like, a generic skill. We really want to make it into a specific reference.  I hope that's clear. It's not that I don't like cloud co-work. It's just that it's meant for an audience that doesn't have six weeks of training.  It's meant for an audience that's like, I want to do this task. It's not too Oh, there's a skill for it.  Go ahead and do it. Like, that's not good enough for us. We wanted to do client-ready work that makes us stand out.  Right? So we're not going to use the training rules for that. Great question. So I've done a lot at you so far.  Any questions so far before I go to the next slide? Just feel free to raise your hand. This is really important stuff.  Martin, you've got your hand raised.

26:26 - Martin Bernstein
  Yeah, there is already a reference file within the Northwoods folder, it is populated with lots. Was this a mistake, or is this, like, something that actually is part of the data dump itself?

26:37 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, we wanted to give you just a couple of examples so that you can see. I think it said you weren't going to be included, and that's why I asked.  Yeah, yeah. The vast majority of ones, we took them out. I think we left one or two, Ben.

26:49 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Yeah, so I can add a little information here. So basically, around eight of those reference files are, rather than being detailed around  Around referencing regarding processes, a lot of them you'll read and they're more just information on the PE firm itself.  So for example, Firm Overview MD is more around the firm identity, the team, the fund, and the details. So it's a reference that gives context on the organization, but isn't a reference file that gives context onto a process.  The two processes files we've left in are the DD work plan methodology, which is basically, and then the IC memo methodology.  The DD work plan methodology explains kind of the intellectual framework for a due diligence work plan. So that again, specific to PE.  And then the second one is about constructing an IC memo. These are both PE focused. So within the system, they are not related to the climate work you're going to be doing.  Again, this is almost as if you've been taken, given access to a large amount of data from the PE firm, but what's going to end up happening?  And this is more likely going to be happening in the ESG folder that you'll notice the ESG folder is completely empty.  That's when you might start adding more of these ESG or climate-specific reference files. There are going to be instances, I'm going to kind of put it out there in advance, there may be some instances of files here and there that we need to clean up on our side.  There might be a little bit of an extra information here or extra information there. If we do find any files that do need removing, we'll let you all know and we'll basically be sending it as if we are the client saying, please run this prompt and then it will clean everything up for you so that you have the zips.  But also we've gone through and made sure that all of these files are correct for you. Thanks, Diego, for mentioning it.  ICA's Investment Committee for the non-finance people here. And then we recommend doing all of the editing in Claude Code.  And actually, there's almost no need for you to look at this folder structure within your File Explorer. You can...  can go straight into Claude Code and start asking it, what is going on here? What are the files? What is the structure?  But I'm sure that's something Diego will be getting into next. I don't want to, I don't want to steal his thunder.

29:11 - diego espinosa
  Great. Thanks, Ben. Joseph?

29:14 - Joseph Anderson
  Yeah, I was also opening up the file structure and perhaps getting ahead of myself. But the, in the reference folder, they're all MD files.  When you were describing a reference folder, I was imagining like, here's a template of a report we did for another company.  fit this, and that would be probably a PDF or something. Do we always want reference files to be .md?  Or is that just kind of for, for this particular context?

29:41 - diego espinosa
  So, um, the .md files have an ability to reference other file paths. And so you'll see that very often.  So let's say that you have created a piece of work before, and it's in your user. So it'd be like, you know, Joseph, user Joseph, uh, blah, blah, blah.  You know, carbon disclosure report. And so in the reference MD file, would be like, check this as an example.  And then by giving the file path, because cloud code can control your computer, it can instantly go and look and see, oh, okay, I see what you mean.  Right. So there's nesting that goes on in these reference MD files that that's one reason why they're so rich and robust.  That's a great question. You don't have to do that, but you can, you can absolutely do that. Great. let me go back.  And by the way, one reason why we're not taking you, we're not giving you a tour of your data file.  And the reason for that is because Sarah sent it to you. And you're going to unpack it and see what's there.  And so we don't want training wheels here. You're all consultants or people who have dealt with stakeholders. And you've been through this drill probably many, many times before.  So you've gotten data and you've got to make sense of it. And if we do. Give you too much help and making sense of it, then we're solving the problem for you, which would be, go against what we're trying to do in the program.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/611109338?timestamp=1872.074292  So let's go back to the presentation. So we talked about reference files, MD and reference, which are basically ways that you give instructions.  Also, remember that there's three types of data, that there's structured data, which basically could be like a CSV file or a database structure, a spreadsheet, where the structure is going to repeat and repeat and repeat and repeat.  There's unstructured, which is basically documents, because the text in them is unstructured. Emails are unstructured, reports, questionnaires may be unstructured.  And then you may, in the future, as we go week by week, you're going to have actual code. Cloud Code is going to write code and it's going to store it in your folder.  And that becomes data. So the nice thing about cloud code is while humans care very much which type of data it is and computer programs care very much, computer programs don't do well with unstructured data because they can't predict exactly what it's going to look like every single time.  So in contrast to that global inference the atom going around makes sense of it. It doesn't care if it's code if it's unstructured or if it's structured.  It's basically like give me whatever you want. I'll figure it out. You can actually point cloud code to a GitHub repository of a computer program and tell it, hey, tell me what's in there.  What does it mean? What does it do? Blah, blah, blah. It'll scan it. It'll read it. And it'll come back to you and tell you what's going on.  So all data is just data for cloud code. There's no difference between these three things. And what it allows us to do is be much broader in terms of like what kind of data we use as individuals, where before if we wanted to use a database,  We had to go to a developer and say, please help us use this database. Now, Cloud Code doesn't care.  It's like, oh, it's a database, whatever. No problem for me. Right, Martin?

33:10 - Martin Bernstein
  Yeah. In terms of the speed at which Cloud processes things, I'm assuming, you know, a bunch of CSV files, you know, is something Cloud goes to like that, whereas for a PDF, that takes a lot more time and thought slash tokens.

33:29 - diego espinosa
  A little bit more. Not too much. think you put your finger on one thing, which is that's quite the beauty of Markdown files.  It makes very short work of scanning Markdown files. So if it's a Word file or a PDF or something else, just imagine there's a lot of junk in there that formats everything.

33:48 - Martin Bernstein
  Fair enough, which we don't see as people, but Cloud reading the actual binary code gets.

33:53 - diego espinosa
  Cloud codes got to slow down and go like, oh, this is bold and this is italic and this is a heading and this.  It's all information as far as cloud code is concerned. This is why markdown files, as much as like, I don't like the way they look, right?  But they're just kilobytes of information for cloud code and they really do make short work of it. That's why most of Northwood is going to be markdown files.

34:16 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  And then one thing I just want to add is a lot of times the reason why it takes extra time to process something like a PDF or Word is that cloud code would need to download specific software that helps it run that conversion.  So it effectively, let's say, takes that PDF, converts it to markdown so it can read it easier, reads it and then creates the output.  So once you have more of these different softwares downloaded, the speed at which it can take in data from various different data formats will increase as time goes on.  But a lot of times, if you're taking in a PDF versus taking in a markdown, that first time you go around this process, you are going to need to be downloading dependency softwares to help with that.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/611109338?timestamp=2105.570741

35:02 - diego espinosa
  Okay, great. So let's go back. Okay, so. David, Jordan has a question. Yes, Jordan.

35:09 - Jordan Hart
  I have a question in regards to space. So I also was working ahead and downloaded the zip file into my folder and now I'm getting, you've hit your limit and it's not letting me do anything.  So it's possible I messed up. That's definitely possible. I guess is it also possible that I like maxed out, I asked like two questions and now I can't ask anything.  else. Is it because I uploaded so many files? This is a Jordan problem. I'm happy to talk about this offline.

35:38 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  No, no, this is actually a problem that we kind of anticipated for this week. So it's a very important consideration now that especially with the different plans that everyone's on, having these large data dumps and asking very large questions off the bat will use up more tokens.  So if you're on a pro plan, the way this works, it works on the pro plan, it works on the max plan, on the  That every four hours, you're given a certain amount of specific tokens. So if you run through all of those within a four hour period, you just need to wait for a reset and then you can continue.  So last week, nobody hit the limit or nobody let us know that you hit the limit, which is perfect, which we've expected for the number of files.  As you go through these coming weeks, it's more likely that you're going to be starting to hit limits, especially if you ask it a question of read every single data file and every single piece of data within this system.  This is when you're using Claude Code and Jordan, just to confirm, it was in the Claude Code session that you asked this question.  So as you go through, there are going to be kind of ways to simplify this. For example, by asking specifically to analyze the Claude MD to understand the structure of the system.  Or we also have a file in the system, which is called the I think it's the data reference file that talks about where all the data.  So we've added in some files that add more simplistic ways to kind of absorb all of the information in the full folder.  But this is something that will happen across the board. There are going to be some of these limits regarding tokens.  You can also upgrade your subscription for the month so that you have access to higher token limits. But that's what has happened.  It's effectively hit that token limit for this specific kind of four-hour slot, and then you'll be able to continue once that's over.  probably would have let you know that at X time in your time zone, you'll be able to jump back in again.

37:37 - Jordan Hart
  Okay, thank you.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/611109338?timestamp=2261.761801

37:39 - diego espinosa
  Okay, great. So let's go back because there are a couple other concepts I want to throw at you. So basically what's going on when you're in a Cloud Code session is you take the raw data, you analyze it with your collaboration with Cloud Code, and then you produce these deliverables.  You were used to doing that last week. And then every deliverable becomes an... So that's the beauty of Cloud Code is like I started with two files when I was using Cloud Code.  First day I used it way back in January in my Cloud Projects folder. And now I have something like true, true, true, files that I've created probably around 2000, two months later.  So those two files, 2000 files are percent my output for the eight weeks. As a human, how long would it have taken me, unless I was typing gibberish into a Word document, it would have been hard for me to produce 2000 files in eight weeks.  And that shows you the incredible productivity gain that you can use from it. So I want to say that there's also four categories going on here.  So we've been talking about data sources, unstructured data, structured data, code can also be data, deliverables can become data.  There's compute tools. So they basically extend what Cloud can do with your computer. So when we created the Git, when Cloud Code takes command of your computer, it uses a thing called brew, and you'll see this thing that says like bash and Git and like these weird commands coming through.  That's Cloud talking to your computer using tools to control your computer. If there's something that you need to do, like convert a PDF or something like that, and you don't know how to do it, one question you can always ask Cloud is, hey, is there a tool for you to do this?  And then it'll be like, yeah, I found one. You want me to install it? It's got to be installed on your computer for Cloud Code to be able to use it.  So if you're ever stuck and Cloud Code says, I can't do it, just say, can you find a tool to do it?  And good chances are that there'll be some tool that's available. Okay. MCPs are, it's called model context protocol. Don't worry about why it's called that.  I don't even know, to be honest with you. But they're basically like little adapters that plug into other apps.  So with MCPs, you can control Outlook, you can control Excel, you can control all kinds of different apps. And they're also called APIs, I'll go into that in a minute.  So MCPs, if you need to access some data that's somewhere else, you can always ask, is there an MCP to do that?  And Cloud will go in and find it for you and install it for you. Okay. And then there are output tools like PDF, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, where it's producing the actual files.  So all of these are possible resources that Cloud Code is bringing into the equation. Right. So now you have, as a compute tool, you have installed Git and a whole bunch of other stuff that it did for you, just to get you to be able to run Cloud Code on your computer.  Data sources, we just gave you a whole bunch of them. MCPs, there's one MCP in there, an API to a database that I'm going to talk about in just a minute.  And then output tools, you have the ability with some of the compute tools. to create a PDF, to create a PowerPoint, and so forth.  So I want you to go to CloudCode and basically say, will you install Playwright for me? I'm not totally sure I spelled it right, to be honest with you.  I think it's spelled that way. If not, it will correct you. But basically, can control your browser. CloudCode can control your browser with this tool.  That means it can actually go and look at something that you can go look at a web page. Like I said last week, if you don't want it to do this, you know, it always asks for your permission.  But you can actually go shopping on Amazon using Playwright. There's also Cloud in Chrome, which allows that. But it's kind of buggy and doesn't work as well.  Desktop Commander is already in there. You don't have to worry about that. It takes screenshots. It has, like, system-level control.  It's already been installed. CloudCode skills are another set of tools that I don't. don't love because, again, like I think we, it's better to collaborate to do things than to have them kind of like pre-done.  You'll see Bash appear a lot. It's basically how it controls your terminal and writes code and runs it on your computer.  So you don't have to worry too much about these right now other than installing Playwright. And the way you install Playwright is simply to ask Cloud Code to do it.  Okay.

42:23 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  Yeah, if I can add one little thing on the skill side of things. With skills, there's also kind of a smaller version of skills, which is called a slash command.  And effectively, this slash command can be something like compact, which if a lot of you are worried about the token usage, if you had a very long conversation, you can complete a command which is slash compact, which compacts all of the information into a far smaller chunk.  So that Cloud Code effectively resets its memory for the session and therefore uses less tokens. The way that slash command turns into a skill is you effectively tell Cloud Code, okay.  Okay. Turn that slash, which is manual, you have to type in slash, do this task. The skill turns it into an automated process where Claude Code will intuit when it should use a specific slash command that you've previously given.  So you'll see it written quite a lot, these slash commands and these skills, and just that, the relationship between the two.

43:21 - diego espinosa
  Josh?

43:23 - Joseph Anderson
  With these slash commands for Compact, I'm sure we're going to run into several other ones. Do we just, do we put that in an MD file?  Do we just tell Claude Code, do this as needed to reduce token use in that, and then Claude Code itself puts it into the MD file?

43:42 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, most, I almost never mess around with MD files myself.

43:46 - Joseph Anderson
  Okay.

43:46 - diego espinosa
  I almost always ask, in fact, I almost never do anything myself anymore. I'm like 95% of the work I, like for instance, I never make PowerPoints any.  I've made PowerPoints my whole entire entire career. Which is so long that I don't want to mention how many years.  And I almost never use it anymore. I'm like, go change this on slide number three, rearrange it, blah, blah, blah, do it for me.  And so that's why I don't make PowerPoints anymore, because the only use for PowerPoint is that you can be, go and make tiny little changes.  I have clock code to them, so I go from HTML to PDF as a result. Like, I just don't see the need for PowerPoint anymore.  I really don't. But I also, by the way, don't need to see the need for Excel. Cloud code can write whatever Python script you do to make whatever calculation you need.  But that's a bigger conversation. Okay. So basically, what we've tried to cover today is how all these things come together.  We throw a lot at you. We'll give you a copy of the presentation. But I think the more important thing is that you now have, like, an inkling of how these puzzle pieces fit together.  And so if you're ever stuck and you're like, hey, there's something I want. What to do and I can't do?  Is there an MCP for it? Is there a tool that I can download to my computer so you can do it?  You go check, right? You don't have to do it. You can just ask cloud code to do it. If you want to know what data is in that file that we just sent you in that folder, the same thing.  You go ask cloud code, what's here? The starting point is the atomic unit. That's where you basically go and collaborate and you're like, everything that's in there makes sense of it for me, right?  And there's so many questions you could potentially ask of cloud code relevant to what data is there. I'm not going to ask them for you because I want you to come up with your own.  But think about the fact that it can see all of it. The intelligence is there so it can make sense of everything that's there.  But it needs a driver. It needs someone to basically... Direct it and say, like, what do you want? What do you want me to do?  I see it. Right? I see all of it. There's not like a little piece of data that doesn't escape me.  But I need to know what do you want me to do? And that's where, that's what you're going to be doing this week.  You're going to be collaborating with Cloud Code to understand what data is there. Okay? And then what you're going to be doing is thinking about what you promised, okay, in your pitch.  And then you're going to be thinking, can I deliver? Can I deliver based on the data that was sent to me?  And by the way, this is, again, no different than any initial piece of work that you do in climate, which is basically someone gives you data and you're like, what can I do with this stuff?  Right? So it's just that the difference here is that from the get-go, you're collaborating with Cloud Code. don't like-go.  repeat. I mean, so that This week is not really about producing work deliverables. This week is about understanding what the data is that we've given you or that Sarah has given you and what you want to do with it.
  SCREEN SHARING: Diego started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/611109338?timestamp=2831.577655  And so you're going to get 10 portfolio companies in the PE firm. I'll tell you a little bit about it.  There's some climate questionnaires in there. There's some carbon emissions data there. And I don't want to spend too long on that because it's given away.  You are the consultant. And Northwood Capital's hired you. Obviously, the data could be messy. It could be incomplete. It might be, I don't know, right?  We have to check to see what's going on with this data. It's like real client data. The deliverables don't exist yet.  There's no reference files that say, like, this is how you do things. And so you're basically thinking about last week's pitch deck and start building the analytical foundation, which is basically like, can I do it based on the data that I have?  And so you want to identify what data exists. And Assess its quality, right? Determine fixes for any data errors.  Are they going to kill you? Can you not do your analysis? Again, this goes back to Climate 101. They didn't give me all the data that I needed.  What do I do? That's like the starting point for virtually everything that happens in climate and sustainability. So identify missing data.  And then basically create your data ask with the caveat that the data ask has to be realistic. Right? You do have this client.  They don't have a lot of time. There's a lot of portfolio companies. So the data ask needs to be realistic in this kind of simulated environment.  Um, we did create two new portfolio companies from last week, by the way, one's a food company and one's a real estate company.  Um, you know, think about things like scope three and what you can do there. And things like that, obvious kind of question marks arise.  If you are wanting to have specific data sets that fall outside of this simulation, I would suggest waiting until next week.  Get your feet wet with this exercise, and then we can think about maybe some out-of-simulation stuff and talk about how you might create that.  But not for this week, okay? Just work with what you have for this week as if you're really in the simulation.  So, again, you're going to get a copy of this, put up in the channel, but I'd love to take the last few minutes for any questions that pop up.  So, those deliverables, by the way, you want to do a deck around that. And it's almost like you're giving a preliminary deck to Sarah, and you're basically saying, thank you for the data.  This is what we, this is what you sent us. You know, this is, there were some data quality issues with it that either we solved or we need you to.  Blah, blah, blah, blah. And it culminates in, here's our ask for additional data in order to be able to solve this problem.  You can also put in there, we found these MCPs to help with the analysis. Okay? It gives Sarah a lot of comfort that you're thinking ahead and going, like, what all are you really going to need?  And so you can ask Cloud Code, what MCPs could I use out there? You could basically think about, like, are there any tools that I need to complete right now?  And this, fold this into your presentation so that you're giving Sarah the confidence that the following period, you're really going to be able to deliver on what you said you were going to.  That's the deliverable, a deck for Friday, where you're going to present your version of that, that is specific to the deliverables that you promised them.  Questions? Questions? Questions?

50:56 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  There was a question just put in the chat by Michaela Dio.

51:00 - diego espinosa
  If you want to answer that. Yeah, so refining the deck based on insights from last week's presentations, would that be valuable?  This is a really good question. I would say, for now, stick with the pitch deck that you created last week, rather than changing it, because I think it was meant to be a reference point.  You know, and then you could always go back and go like, oh, I wish I'd done that, something different, and we can address that later.  I think that's a great question. Other questions? Oh, before you ask more questions, I wanted to mention, why did we give you, why did Sarah give you all this financial data that's in there?  Number one, do you want to take the trouble of figuring out what to give you or not give you, because that takes time, and you're not doing that any time.  Okay, number two, you may be wanting to, or you may have committed to, understanding. the cost or benefit financially of different initiatives that you're going to be working on.  You may find that that financial data is useful in doing that. Just putting it out there.

52:15 - ben hillier (Voiz)
  And just one thing I wanted to add regarding this financial data. We've mentioned a lot of different data sources and data types, and Diego's gone through a few.  And we've designed the kind of payload of files to have a few different data points. So the financial data, which is the data that kind of Northwood already has internally and has managed, that's actually going to be held in a database called Superbase.  All of you will have information files that reference this Superbase housing, and you can talk to Claude Co. to ask, OK, what is held in that Superbase?  Superbase is kind of a more sophisticated version of Excel and Google Sheets. And we can talk a little bit more about this in the future.  But just... Just note that the climate data is in the files, you know, I'm not going to tell you exactly where, but you'll be able to find it with a conversation called Code, but the financial data is within Superbase, and if anyone has any questions on this, please don't hesitate to ask it throughout the week.  But I'm being kind of intentionally a little bit vague, but giving you a little bit of a hint, so obviously reach out if you have any questions regarding that.

53:25 - diego espinosa
  Yeah, so there's a hint, there's a database in there somewhere. That's pretty much all we need to tell you.  Other questions? Everyone's like super confident that they can dive into this data. Other thoughts or questions? By the way, if Cloud Code says, oh, I found an MCP to access XYZ, and you don't know what to do with that, what would be a next step?  Ask Cloud Code, how do I install it? Can you install it for me? A lot of times, Cloud Code doesn't know or pretends not to know that it can install stuff.  So it'll be like, oh, yeah, it's out there. And you're like, install it. Like, why do I need to tell you that almost every time?  But you do. Okay, so just keep that in mind. Like, it won't necessarily say to you, do you want me to install it?  It might just be quiet. And then you have to say, can you install it? Right? Because it'll save you a whole bunch of, like, and different things.  Martin?

54:33 - Martin Bernstein
  MCPs aren't executable files. They're essentially just protocols that Claude uses, right?

54:38 - diego espinosa
  It's not like, you know, it's something that runs internal to Claude, not on your computer, as it were. Is that fair to say?  I don't know if that's fair to say. Because it will access the API. It doesn't execute things on your computer.  But it does, I think, tell your computer to access it. And the reason for that, Martin, is because it needs to write, it needs to run some code.  in order to access it. And so just remember that any time your computer runs code, it's basically like running on your computer, essentially.

55:08 - Martin Bernstein
  Okay.

55:10 - diego espinosa
  Josh, you got the last question.

55:12 - Josh
  Yeah, I guess more of just a fun curiosity question, but yeah, I was just playing around with Playwright. It's super interesting already, but what has been one of the most interesting tools or MCP connections that you've found that has been useful in your work?

55:30 - diego espinosa
  This is a really good question. I've accessed financial data really easily where it's scanned because we had to build out the private equity part of this.  I've scanned like all financial disclosures and I created like a database of financial disclosures that is ginormous. And I did it in like half a day or something like that.  So that was a really cool MCP. I first set up a bunch of MCPs to tools like Notion and Word and things like that.  And then guess what? I don't use them because I don't use those tools anymore. I basically use very, very few applications anymore, even Notion, which I loved, I don't use so much anymore.  So, but there are a lot of MCPs that will connect you to apps that you might use every day.  It's just you may find that ClockCode just replaces those apps, so you don't need them anyway. Awesome. We'll leave it there Wednesday.  Please come in with your questions. You know, you're not alone. Reach out to us and come in Wednesday, and I'm looking forward to the demos on Friday.  Thanks, everyone. Thanks, everyone.